Joe Rogan podcast. Check it out.
>> The Joe Rogan Experience.
>> TRAIN BY DAY. JOE ROGAN PODCAST BY
NIGHT. All day.
>> Hello, Rachel. What's happening?
>> Hello, Joe.
>> Very nice to see you again. Um, so when
your husband Andrew came in here, he
told me about your book and then I
talked to you and you seemed very
interesting and you gave me like a
little brief synopsis of it and so then
I listened to it on audio tape and it's
crazy. And it is the occult
feminism, the secret history of women's
liberation. Um, you know, I didn't
really have much of an opinion on
feminism. I my my opinion was, you know,
unfortunately you run into some
feminists that just seem to not like men
for whatever reason. And you know,
there's a lot of people in this world
that aren't happy with their position or
station in life. But I didn't really
think too much into how this all got
started until I listened to your book
and I'm like, this is kind of bonkers.
So before we get into your book, like
how did you decide to write about this?
like what what was your little journey?
>> Oh,
>> or big journey.
>> Yeah, it's kind of a big journey. So, uh
when I was growing up, I was like a in
all the advanced kid classes and from
the time I was in like kindergarten, it
was just pounded into my head like
you're going to college, you're going to
have a career and you know, you're smart
and you have to do something with that.
It was like the only option that was put
before me. And so, I followed that path
like all the way through school. And by
the time I got done with 12 years of
regular school, I realized a couple
things. One is uh school is not where
you go to learn things. Uh school isn't
ne public school is not so great for
smart people for the most part. And that
I really didn't like like another four
years of school just sounded like hell
to me. And I really just wanted to get
married and have kids. That's kind of
what I always wanted to do. much to the
horror of my Marxist feminist mother um
who who did not like
>> indoctrinated at an early age.
>> Well, she tried, but I was the why kid.
I was the kid that's just like why? Why?
But why? Um and I had like a Rush Limba
dad.
>> Wow.
>> They got divorced. Shocker. Who could
have seen it coming? Um so they got
divorced when I was like nine. And I had
So I grew up in like two worlds. I had
like Republican business owner Rush
Limba dad and I had Marxist feminist
crazy mom.
>> Was the mom always Marxist feminist and
was the the the dad always like a Rush
Limbbo Republican? Yep.
>> How did they fall in love? How did all
that happen?
>> They didn't. I was an accident.
>> Oh, so they just fall in lust.
>> Yes.
>> I was like a an oops baby. And my dad
said that when he saw me he was like,
"Well, I don't want anybody else right.
Like this is the only thing that matters
to me. So, I'm going to make this work.
And he tried his best.
>> How did they even hook up with such
radically different ideologies?
>> I don't think they were talking about
that sort of thing when they got
together. They were probably hanging out
at a bar.
>> Oh, so they didn't really know each
other very well.
>> Not really. No, they were kind of like
they worked in the same place and met at
work and then had like a fling and then
>> I was born. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, I had divorced parents. Yeah.
It was it was really rough because my
mother like hated my dad. She couldn't
ever tell you anything he did wrong.
>> Yeah.
>> It was just like he's a evil white
patriarchist. Bad bad Republican man.
One of my earliest memories is them
fighting over the Bush Daucus election
in 88 and like threatening to lock each
other in the house so that the one
couldn't cancel the other one's vote and
stuff.
>> Yeah,
>> I know. Fun. It was fun. Was this before
after Kitty Dukakas drank mouthwash or
what did she drink? She drank something
like that after shave or mouthwash to
try to get drunk.
>> Like she would the pressure of the
election must have been so insane. And
this is preocial media, right? And this
lady was already struggling with like
alcoholism and uh I think she was
hospitalized for drinking something that
was not a drink. Well, can we find out
what that was?
>> Sure.
>> It was really crazy, right? remember? Do
you remember that?
>> I just remember that whole election
being pretty nuts like as far as like
the Democrats versus Republican. And
this was when Democrats were more like
how Republicans are right now. They
weren't like ride in a tank to make
everybody think he was like a pro-war
tough guy. Remember that?
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I remember read my lips,
no new taxes, and all that stuff. So
like I I had this going on like as a
kid. So I think my brain was already
thinking about this sort of stuff from
the time I was little. Rubbing alcohol.
Yo, that's crazy.
>> Nail polish remover.
>> Oh my god. She drank nail polish
remover.
>> Holy
>> She couldn't just huff paint like normal
person.
>> Very open about her struggles with
alcohol and addiction to amphetamines to
reduce the stigma surrounding these
issues. Later detailing these
experiences in her books.
>> Huh.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, my parents were like
ready to kill each other over that. And
so, they divorced right right after
that. They divorced. And so, I'd spend
time with dad and I'd spend time with
mom. And I had to two completely
different realities and worldviews. And
I think growing up like that, you're
trying to sort out what's true. You're
trying to figure out like, is there any
merit to what mom's saying the world is
or any merit to what dad's saying the
world is? And I think dad was more
persuasive and and better at pulling me
his direction because I never really
absorbed like I always thought Marxism
was, you know, faking gay and stupid. I
just never bought into it at all.
>> Why Why at an early age did you think
that?
>> Uh because I already had seen that, you
know, we're not all born equal with
equal things and some people work much
harder. Some people have natural gifts
and talents. And to think that cuz my
mother would literally say stuff in the
house like from you know from each
person according to their ability to
each person according to their need. And
I was like even when I do that in class
like if there's a group project
everybody wants me on their team because
I'm the smart kid who's going to do the
homework. I end up doing everything and
everybody else gets the A even though I
did everything. So I was
>> those are the people that are really
into socialism people that halfass
stuff.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. And so like from a being a little
kid, I even noticed like no things
aren't equal and things aren't always
fair and it depends on you know your
natural skills and abilities and then
what you do with those things because
there's lots of people like my mother
was super talented, really intelligent
person, but she was so like emotionally
chaotic. She never applied them to
anything. She never really got anywhere
or did anything. She had big dreams of
what she thought she should have and and
never really got there because
>> she was so like emotionally unregulated
and kind of chaotic. So,
>> I just kind of saw that no, there's not
this like thing where you can just even
the playing field and make it all equal
for everyone. That's not how it works.
There's also a thing that if you're
locked up in something like Marxism, you
you if that's your ideology, you're in
this constant struggle with the rest of
the world all the time where you want to
bend it to your ideology. You want to
change it. And so even if you're a very
intelligent person, your daily mindset
is struggle. Your daily mindset is
conflict and existential crisis. like
you know people
>> that is exactly that was that was the
picture that was laid in front of me.
>> Yeah. It's such a
>> I go to dad's house and he's like he
started a business after the divorce and
he's like hustling. He's working 12 to
14 hour days. He's doing everything he
can to make it work. He's not
complaining. He's just like this is what
you got to do if you want to make it. If
you want to, you know, do your own thing
and prove that, you know, you're good at
what you do, you have to compete. You
have to get out there. You have to work
hard. Why complain about it? And then my
mom's whole world was she ended up being
very bitter and resentful because it was
like this view of but I deserved this.
That should have been me. I got robbed
of it because whatever reason and often
it was like if I was more attractive,
you know, the men at work would have
given me a raise if I looked like the
other woman in the office or something,
you know. So it was like this
>> bitter, resentful. She was kind of like
at war with the world. So seeing those
two things, neither of my parents are
perfect. Who is who has perfect parents?
But it was kind of like I'd rather play
over here where there's a purpose for me
working hard and giving it my best shot
and trying in life and figuring out
what's important to me and then
tailoring, you know, all my efforts
toward that. And I just thought that um
having a family was so cool. And I
wanted to have the family I didn't have.
So,
>> uh, I I had this dream of like getting
married, having kids, having an intact
family, and making it like a place where
kids can grow up without all the
screaming and yelling and chaos that I
had and that a lot of kids have
nowadays. So, um, didn't go to college.
I had a full ride scholarship and I
didn't go, which everybody thought was
the end of the world. It was like, how
could you do that? Your life is over.
You'll never be anything. And I was kind
of like, we'll see. You know,
>> it is very weird that we're convinced
that the only way to get educated is by
an official institution with all the
information that's available now. I
mean, even back then, like that's the
whole premise of Goodwill Hunting. Like
you can get very smart from a public
library. You really don't need
>> it's just the books are available for
everyone. The information is available
for everyone if you chase it down. It's
not like the only people that get any
information are the ones who go to these
colleges.
>> It's one of the biggest lies that
education like we can just educate
everyone. The problem is we're not
educated enough and if everyone had
enough access to education, everyone
would be intelligent, everyone would be
thriving. It's like the internet's kind
of proved this.
>> I had a teacher,
>> it's not an information problem, right?
>> I had a teacher in high school that said
something. I don't know if this is his
quote or he was quoting someone else,
but he said, "Education is something
that allows you to get along without
intelligence, and intelligence is
something that allows you to get along
without education."
>> I like that. That's pretty good.
>> And I was like, "Oh, I get it." There's
there's certain people that are just
dumb at certain things. Like I remember
being around intelligent people that had
no knowledge of how a car worked, of any
of the workings of a car. You would
tell, well, this is back in like spark
plug days. You explain to them like, oh,
one of the cables for your spark plug
got loose. You're only firing on five
cylinders. The six the whole six is not.
That's why it's like shaking like that.
Like if that if it was anything else, if
you're talking about the economy, if
you're talking about the political
process, that guy would think the other
guy was a but now this guy thinks
he's a I remember like being like
autoshop class going, there's a lot of
different kinds of intelligence. We've
just done this weird thing where we've
categorized like you have to go to
specific schools, you have to go to the
you got to get a degree. Everybody
wanted to go to Ivy League schools. I
lived in Boston. It was like very
important. Did you get a higher
education? You
>> you go on to make everybody proud. And
they were all miserable.
>> Well, my dad said this to me. He was the
only person that when I graduated, I
said, "I don't think I want to go to
college for this. I don't think that's
what I want to do." like any of the
things I'm looking at when I think about
like having a career in in that thing.
I'm not very excited about it. I don't I
don't get like ooh hyped up to go do
this. I was like I really just kind of
want to you know maybe someday but I
would love to have a bunch of kids and
stuff and my dad was like you know a lot
of the people in my office have degrees
and you know they have careers and some
of them are very miserable people. So if
you don't want to do that he's like you
could always decide to go later. So, I
was like, I'll I kind of like bargained
with everyone. I was like, I'm just
going to give it a year.
>> You know, I'll do that, too.
>> Yeah. And if it, you know, if I feel
like I want to go to college after a
year of no high school, um, then I'll
go. You know, I could still do it.
>> But I ended up having a baby at 20,
>> which again was the end of the world. Oh
my god, Rachel, your life is over.
You'll never be anything. You'll never
do anything. It's over for you. It's
such a tragedy. It was like treated like
this horrible thing. And I thought it
was great. And when I had her, the job
that I had did not matter to me anymore
at all. It seemed so stupid. I was like,
"Anybody can go." I was a hair stylist
at the time. Anybody can go do haircuts.
Someone else can cut Debbie's hair, but
only I can be her mom. I want to do
that. And everybody was telling me, "You
have to go back to work. You have to go
back to work. That's what we do now. Two
weeks after the baby's born, you got to
go back to work. You need the money. You
need the security. you need the income.
And I looked around and thought, this is
insane. Like, who came up with this
system? Because I am going to go drop
her off at 2 weeks old and let some lady
who doesn't know or care about or love
my baby the way that I do, take care of
her all day long. You know, if you
factor in the commute, it's like 9 and
1/2 hours that I'm away from her. By the
time I get home and feed her and give
her a bath, it'll be bedtime and that'll
be it. I'll get like maybe two hours
with my baby all day, you know? Um, and
I get to pay half of what I make to this
other random person to raise my child.
Who came up with this? This is stupid.
And I have to pay taxes, you know, and I
have to have a second vehicle and
insurance and a work wardrobe. And I
just thought, this is the most
inefficient, stupid system. And everyone
around me is like, this is this is good.
this is what we all need to do. Even
like Christian conservative women that
were friends and family members were
like, "Well, you don't want to depend on
a man because then you're going to get
abuse." They they fear-mongered me to
death about staying home with my kids.
And at the time, uh this was my high
school boyfriend who I had my first
child with. Um because I was kind of a
libertarian at this stage and both my
parents at this point my parents have
multiple divorces between the two of
them. And I always I know I always
heard, "Oh, marriage is just a piece of
paper. What really matters is that you
love each other." And that sort of
thing. And I'd known this guy since we
were kids. We we'd known each other
forever. We'd been together for a long
time. So, I thought this was great.
>> And my goal was, let's get us to the
point where I can stay home and be like
a full-time mom. And he had stuff going
on. It did not work out. He took off.
Devastating, horrible, terrible for me.
No big fights, no cheating, nothing like
that. Um, you know, he's a private
person, so I don't want to tell his
business, but he had his own personal
things going on and left. And it was
back to, you know, I had to work and be
a working mom, and I didn't like that.
And I still thought that there was
something wrong here, but I hadn't
really like looked into
where do we get this idea that women
must be working. Like my grandma didn't
work. Bless her soul, by the way. She's
going to be turning 100 April 1st. my
grandma who's still with us and she's
probably my ace in the hole and the
reason I kind of turned out normal
despite my chaotic family upbringing cuz
she was super grounded, nice Christian
lady, only an eighth grade education,
but she knew how to do everything. She
could go out back and like pluck a
chicken, cook it up for dinner, can
everything in the garden, preserve all
the food, and she had more done by 8
a.m. than most human beings on Earth.
So, I had like grandma as a pillar to
really help me through this stuff. So
shout out grandma. Uh
>> which is work.
>> Yeah.
>> It's housework.
>> Yeah. Which is like really important.
Like it has to get done.
>> Yeah.
>> And most people think someone else
should do that. I need to be in an
office.
>> Yeah. This is for uh wages like low low
paid wagey people to do. I need to be
doing something important. But I always
thought she was really important. She
was super important to me because when
you know my parents were off doing
whatever they were doing, I'd always get
dumped at grandma's. So, I spent a ton
of time with her growing up and she was
full of wisdom and like I said, she knew
how to do everything. Like her practical
skills were crazy. She can cook
anything. She can clean anything. She
can can and preserve food. She grew up
during the Great Depression. She was
born in 1928.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah. And she's she had been through
some stuff like she had lost her husband
to cancer. She lost her daughter to
kidney disease. Like she had been
through it. So, she had a lot of like
good advice and wisdom. And she'd always
say, "Oh, I wish I was smart like you. I
wish I was smart like you and I could go
to school and stuff like that." But I
thought, "Grandma, you're the only
person that knows what the hell they're
doing. You're the only person in my
world who
>> Well, the grass is always
>> seems to know what they're doing. Yeah.
>> The grass is always greener. You know,
>> when you're looking at a a woman that's
entering into the workforce who's really
intelligent, you start thinking, "She's
going to have a career."
>> Yeah.
>> And she's going to be a CEO someday and
everyone's going to respect her. you
well that person's on pills and suicidal
and
>> can't sleep and
>> well we're going to get into that. We're
going to get into I'm sure like how it's
turned out for women pushing them into
the workforce telling them they can have
it all and how they're dealing with
that.
>> But I didn't I didn't deal with it well
when I was at work I felt like I should
be at home and I was missing my kids and
like I was really failing on the home
front. And when I was at home I felt
like I should be giving more to work and
I felt constantly torn. And that's
something I hear from pretty much every
woman I talk to who has kids and a job
>> that it's really tough that you always
feel like
>> you're not able to give enough to each
thing. You just can't spread yourself
that thin all the time. And I think it's
bad advice. I think we give women
backwards advice.
>> I think we tell them spend all your
fertile years, all your youth building a
career, going to school and building a
career. Then by the time you're like 30,
35 and you're you've got all that
established, then you can think about
getting married and having kids. Well,
by then you better find somebody quick
and get on it because you got a handful
of years left.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and you might need IVF and all
these other things. And a lot of women
struggle. And it's one of the it's
actually nobody wants to talk about
this. This is the conversation no one's
ready for. Women's access to higher
education is the number one correlate
around the world, regardless of
economics, race, culture, status,
anything to falling birth rates.
>> Wow.
>> So, it turns out that when you push
young women that it's education, career,
education, career, because why? Why do
we tell them that? Otherwise, you're at
the mercy of a man and he'll abuse you.
He'll take advantage. He knows that you
depend on him. So, you've got to do
that. If you're feeling a little off,
it's okay. It's February. Everybody
feels a little off in February. It's
darker. It's colder. You probably
already gave up on some New Year's
resolutions. But you don't have to wait
till spring to get yourself right again.
It all starts with making small changes
to your routine. And one of those is
AG1. It's not some big dramatic reset.
It's one small thing that you can do
every morning to keep consistent when
everything else is chaos. One scoop
done. AG1 can help support your energy,
your gut health, and can support you
through the darker evenings. It gives
that foundational support from morning
to night. And it all comes down to
getting your daily nutrition. There's
more than 75 ingredients, including
antioxidants, minerals, probiotics, and
functional mushrooms to support your
immune health and overall health. And
this is the time of year when it can
really help. If you want to check it
out, go to drink ag.com/rogan
and you'll get three AG1 travel packs,
vitamin D3 plus K2, and other gifts free
in your welcome kit with your first
subscription. That's
drinkagg.com/roganogen.
Isn't there also a practical
consideration for a lot of people?
Because the cost of living is very
different now than it was like say in
the 1950s or the 1960s. It's very
difficult for a lot of people to get by
on one income.
>> Yes, it is. But have you ever asked why
that is?
>> Uh I I have, but I'd love for you to
talk about it.
>> So, prior to the 1970s, we had 5% of
mothers with school age kids working
outside the home. And for all of human
history, even during the industrial
revolution, you know, 17, 18, 1900s,
like you said, in the 40s and 50s, you
could be a a janitor and support a
family and have four kids on one income.
And something shifted in the 1970s, and
it's never shifted back. So, it can't be
like how the stock market's doing. It
can't really be like all these other
independent economic factors that have
shifted and changed and been so
different over the course of the last 50
years. The one big thing that we changed
is we pushed women into college and into
the workforce. And by the 1980s, they
were on par with men in work force
workforce participation. So in the span
of about 20 years, we almost doubled the
labor force by pushing all the women in.
And men's wages have never recovered. So
now you are stuck in a two-income trap
where even women who want to stay home
and even dads who would love to have
their wife home with their kids, it's
really tough.
>> So what why did women entering the
workforce keep men's wages stable or
keep them from going up along with the
in with the inflation?
>> It really fundamentally changed the
economy. I have a friend named Aaron
Clary who wrote a book about the about
this. um it's an analysis of what he
calls a female-based economy where it's
more consumer-driven. Uh women are like
responsible for 80% of consumer
spending. And now that they're all
educated and in the job market, we have
a lot more of things like HR
departments, uh, psychology, sociology,
like um, the economy shifted away from
being like manufacturing and production
and more maledominated things to we have
all these women coming out of university
and you know they what do they get
degrees in? I think 80% of psychology
degrees are earned by women. And then
despite all our efforts to push women
into STEM, they're still like maybe 20%
of STEM degrees. So we have all these
very educated women. And we have a lot
of kind of fluffy jobs like office jobs,
HR jobs, social media managers. Uh and
mostly women do a lot of the same things
they used to do in the home. So they're
nurses, they're early childhood
educators, they're retail workers,
they're cooks, they're um they're
housekeepers. They're doing a lot of the
stuff they used to do, which uh the
Marxist feminists called unpaid labor,
right? This is the myth of women's
unpaid labor. So instead of cleaning
your own house, educating your own
children, cooking meals for your family,
maybe for your your parents or
grandparents who can't cook for
themselves, all the things we used to do
for our own family, clerical work,
bookkeeping for your husband's business,
things like that, we're doing those
things for corporations.
So that and and this was kind of by
design. Uh, a lot of the book is about
the fact that there were people who
pushed feminism and it wasn't because
women were oppressed and they cared
about the position of women necessarily.
It's because the same people who pushed,
you know, the 19th amendment and pushed
progressivism and feminism were the same
people who drafted the Federal Reserve
legislation, came up with the income
tax, came up with the compulsory
education system. And especially on the
Marxist side, they they pushed feminism
because they said if we can push mothers
and women into the workforce and we
double the workforce, workers of the
world unite. You know what I'm saying?
So it's like we have this huge
workforce. And through the university
systems, we can kind of propagandize the
young women to be socialists and to be
Marxists because they kind of tend that
way anyway. The way that women's brains
work is very like communitarian for a
reason. We're moms, you know, so it's
very easy to radicalize and this isn't
my opinion. Like I go over in the book
how you can just read the writings of
these people and they tell you August
Babel, Alexander Colintai, Margaret
Fuller, like all these early 1800s
writers were saying we need to get women
away from the home and away from being
mothers and push them into the workplace
because then we can politicize them. we
can motivate them into becoming
revolutionaries
and that's how we'll get the numbers to
make this work.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. So now instead of staying home
with your kids and doing all these
things for your family, for your
community, you're doing them for a
corporation and you're paying income
tax, you're paying all the other taxes
associated with having to work outside
the home, gas tax because you're driving
back and forth to work, um payroll
taxes, all that kind of stuff. and you
are away from your kids all day. Where
do they go? They go to public schools
where the public school system then can
dictate to them what the values should
be uh how you know the what the world
view should be instead of the parents.
>> Yeah. It just makes you wonder like
there there's all these giant shifts in
culture and it makes you wonder what
what would we look like if that had
never taken place.
>> Well, that's so you asked like how why
did I start writing about this? That's
why cuz I had like an aha moment where I
realized feminism is far and away like
it's not even close. It's the biggest
social revolution in all of human
history and it happened in one century.
We took the whole social order that was
in every culture around the world for
all of the rest of time that's recorded
and we flipped it upside down and
completely changed it in one century.
Everything about your life is different
now because of feminism in ways that you
don't even think about. you know, the
way that you act in the workplace, the
the way that legislation works, the way
that school systems work. Like, every
single thing about life has changed as a
downstream result of feminism and
pushing this model of women's equality,
which it's really not. It's really not
about equality. And all you have to do
is read all the first everybody thinks
first wave was just, oh, they just
wanted rights. They just wanted a few
rights. That was good. you know, and the
average person would say, "Yeah, I think
that that was good." But that's because
they don't know the real history. And
the reason they don't know the real
history is because when they invented
gender studies and women's studies,
which were created by the Ford
Foundation with some help from the
Rockefellers and the Carnegies, uh, in
the late60s,
they literally rewrote the history of
how women's suffrage happened. So
there's a professor named Joseph Miller
who did an examination of 12 the main 12
textbooks that are most commonly used in
all the western universities to teach
women's history. And he's not even like
a right-winger. He's like a liberal
college professor. But when he looked
and examined those 12 textbooks and
compared them to the actual writings,
uh, you know, newspaper articles,
writings of feminists themselves, public
debates held between suffragists and
anti-suffragists, all of the writings of
anti-suffragist groups, which far
outnumbered pro-suffragist groups, he
found that they left out huge chunks of
what really happened or intentionally
misrepresented what actually happened on
purpose to kind of sell feminism as
something different than what it what it
really was.
>> So what did they leave out?
>> So the most important thing they left
out was that women did not want women's
liberation. They were Yes. Everybody
assumes and believes that it was a
grassroots thing that women kind of
looked around in the 19th century and
they went, you know, we're oppressed. We
don't have any rights. I wish I could
work. I wish I could get away from my
bastard husband who drinks me drinks and
beats me. I need I need rights. I need a
bank account. I need credit cards. I
want to go to university. And and they
marched and they picketed until they had
voting rights and and equality in the
workplace. That's the story everyone's
heard. And it's not correct at all. It's
it's in in fact, it's the opposite. So,
this is hilarious. When the So, we had
this big fight in the late 1800s between
pro-suffrage groups and anti-suffrage
groups. Most women in the United States
and England, if they were a member of
either, they far outnumbered by joining
the anti-suffrage groups. They were very
much against it. It was only a small
minority of women who were pro-suffrage.
And these groups would debate publicly.
They would write pamphlets. They would
write tracks. So, we have a really good
written historical record of what
actually happened.
And women didn't want it. They thought
they thought they had a lot of great
things going on already that were going
to get ruined by suffrage. For example,
here's some let's do a little myth
busting. People have this idea that
prior to the 19th amendment, women were
denied an education. Completely untrue.
Some of the first universities in the
United States were exclusively female
universities and seminaries and
secondary schools. more women actually
probably had the opportunity to go than
men because men always had to work in
the fields in the mines, go to war,
build the infrastructure of the nation,
work on railroads, you know. Um, so
women were seen as like, well, you're
going to be teaching the kids, so you
should probably do a little extra
education, whereas Jimmy and Billy, they
need to work the farm with dad,
>> you know. So, there was never any law
that prohibited women from higher
education. What happens, what feminists
do, they rely on framing. So, they'll
say because there weren't co-ed
universities, because it was women's
universities and then men had separate
ones, it was mostly um segregated.
They'll say women didn't have equal
access to education.
>> Were the better schools men schools?
>> No. In fact, I'd say so. I guess you
could say some there were a handful of
Ivy League institutions that didn't let
women into certain programs. Um, but it
was mostly like medical stuff, things
like that. And that had already changed
before the passage of the 19th
amendment. Women were already being led
into Ivy League education, being allowed
to do biology and and become doctors.
Many of the women in my book who were
first wave suffragists had degrees, had
educations. Um, the other one is like
women weren't allowed to like leave the
house. They weren't allowed to, you
know, sex out of wedlock or children out
of wedlock. Oh my gosh, it was so
terrible. But most of the women in my
book who were traveling the world
promoting women's suffrage had children
out of wedlock, had extrammarital
affairs or multiple sex partners or were
even lesbians,
>> open lesbians touring the world making
money, giving speeches, writing
pamphlets and tracks, raising money for
the suffrage movement. Nobody put them
in jail. Nobody whipped them. Was there
some stigma? Sure. But I don't think
that you can argue that stigma against
those sort of things equates to
oppression of women by the patriarchy.
It's always framed that way, but that's
not true.
>> So what year did they pass the 19th
amendment? And the 19th amendment is
what gave women that gave women the
right to vote, right?
>> So there were women that said, "I don't
want the right to vote."
>> Yes. In fact, when they
>> Why Why wouldn't you just want the right
to vote? Even keeping a traditional
household, like the right to have a say
if it's about the world, it's about the
United States. It's about our laws and
how we're going to govern.
>> Yeah. So, I'll tell you what their
reasoning was. They said, um, we're
going to lose a lot of the protection
and provision that we currently enjoy.
So, for example, in the state of New
York in the 1800s, as a woman entering a
marriage, if you had money, if you had
an inheritance that came with you when
you got married, if your husband cheated
on you or left or divorced you, um you
he couldn't take any of that. Your
inheritance was protected from, you
know, your husband leaving and taking
it. Um and only men could be held
responsible for debt. And there was
something called breadwinner laws that
the courts, it was like a systemic law.
It wasn't like one specific law. It was
like a whole legal framework that said,
"Look, women have to raise kids and be
pregnant and have babies. So, we have to
hold men responsible for financially
taking care of women and children. So,
women couldn't be thrown into a debtor's
prison. They couldn't be held legally
liable for repaying a loan or anything
like that. They could own property.
People don't believe that either. People
believe women couldn't own anything. And
the reason they say that is because once
you were married, you were considered
one legal entity. But even then, a
married man in the state of New York in
1800 couldn't sell a property that was
owned after he was married without his
wife's written consent. And the court
had to be assured that she was not being
like coerced into it. So there were
already like the anti-suffragists
themselves argued we kind of have
everything we want. You know we we have
like most of the benefits of this you
know they didn't call it a patriarchy
but what we would call a patriarchy.
They said we're the primary
beneficiaries of this system.
>> We have a lot of protections and if you
make us equal we're going to lose those.
Like what if we get drafted? What if we
have to go do jury duty and hear like
the gruesome details of like murders and
rapes and things like that? It's going
to pit the family against each other
>> just with the right to vote.
>> Yeah, just with the right to vote
because
>> So,
>> why couldn't you keep all those things
and just be able to participate?
>> Well, unfortunately, they were right.
So, one really good example is the
women's temperance movement. You guys
remember prohibition? That was primarily
women who pushed for prohibition. It was
the women's temperance union. It was
like a Christian uh movement to ban
alcohol. and women didn't have the right
to vote, but they got prohibition
passed, which was huge. Like, it was one
of those things that nobody thought was
even going to happen. And and it
happened largely because of their
political motivation. And the reason
that it worked is because they could go
to Congress or they could go to the
Senate and say, "We're not a political
voting block. We have a moral high
ground from which to ask for these
things because you can't buy our vote.
you can't, you know, um,
like, uh, offer us things and kind of
seduce us into voting for you based on
promising us things that we want. And
they didn't want to lose that because
they felt like they had a lot of
influence. And the things they predicted
would happen, they, the anti-suffragists
said, you're going to see a lot of
divorce. you're going to see broken up
families because it's going to pit
husband and wife against each other just
like it did with my parents where you've
got, you know, mom wants to vote for the
Democrat, dad wants to vote for the
Republican or vice versa. Now they're
fighting about it. They want to split.
They have separate worldviews. Um, and
political interests will be used to
drive a wedge between men and women and
break up families and then we're all
going to be a bunch of single moms.
We're all going to have to work. Like
they they literally predicted this
stuff. It's in one whole chapter of the
book is dedicated to their arguments.
>> How do they have such amazing foresight?
I mean, I just would ignorantly I would
think, okay, well, I think women should
have the right to vote. They're human
beings. They live here. There's these
are laws that are being go like why
would that
>> Well, I think uh one of the problems we
have when we look back at history is the
fallacy of presentism. We're looking at
it through like our eyes now with the
with all of the presuppositions that we
have about the world kind of baked in.
And at this time, so in 1920, people
don't realize that men had only
universally gotten the right to vote
very shortly before women got it. So in
the UK, uh, most men couldn't vote until
about 10 years before women got the
vote. In the UK, there was all kinds of
restrictions on voting in the United
States for men. You may have to pay a
poll tax. You might have to take um a
test like a a literacy test or a
political literacy test. There might be
a religious requirement of some kind.
There might be a racial requirement of
some kind. There could be um all
different kinds of restrictions on men
voting. You might have to be a property
owner. You might have to be a certain
age. So, there was a lot of men. It
wasn't like all men could always vote
and no women could ever vote.
>> And at the time of trying to pass
suffrage, there were already a few
states in the west that had granted
women suffrage like Utah and Wyoming.
And in Utah is a fun case because it was
mostly settled by Mormons at the time
and they were mostly polygamists and
there was this big fight between the
feds and the state of Utah because the
feds did not they were like this
polygamy thing is getting really popular
out there and it's going to cause us
some problems. And uh they want to give
women the right to vote and the Mormons
thought if we give women the right to
vote we can keep polygamy because
they're going to vote for it because
it's beneficial to them in whatever ways
that the LDS church thought it was. The
feds were betting on the fact that nah,
I think if we give women the right to
vote, they're going to say no more of
this polygamy, so let them have it. Just
let them have it. Well, the feds lost
the bet. And the Mormon wives kept
voting for the polygamy stuff. The feds
didn't like it. So, what they did, there
was also a little bit of stuff going on
with the finances of the LDS church that
was a little sus. They passed an
amendment or yeah, a law through
Congress in uh 1878, I think. I could be
wrong on the date to take away women's
suffrage. They took the vote back from
them. They said, "No more voting for
you. Can't do that
>> because you're voting for polygamy."
>> Yeah. And so women in Utah had suffrage
granted and then had it removed for 50
years. It it was from I think it was
about 1870 to 1920 that they didn't have
the right to vote. And the
anti-suffragists, this was a big deal.
So pro-suffrage women would go to Utah
and anti-suffrage women would go to Utah
and they'd talk to the women and try to
because everyone's trying to get them on
their side. And they kind of found that
like women really didn't want to be
involved in politics. They felt like we
have so much going on at home. They were
the community organizers. We don't have
this anymore by the way. I'm taking care
of my grandparents. I'm taking care of
my uncle who, you know, has a disease
and is infirmed. I've got seven kids and
so does my cousin and so does my sister.
And we all raise them kind of together.
We're very busy. We're doing all the
church stuff. We're teaching the kids
together. Politics is just like you have
to know so much about it and you have to
be so informed and we just we don't have
time and we we really don't have
interest. Most of them were really
indifferent. But more were either
indifferent or against it than we're for
it by such a margin. So this is the
test. They let them vote on whether they
wanted the vote in a huge the biggest
referendum was in Massachusetts.
So they let women vote on whether they
wanted the vote in a referendum. Of the
women that showed up, not a lot of them
showed up. It was a fairly smallish
number, but of the thousands that showed
up to vote, only 4% wanted suffrage on
the ballot.
>> That's crazy.
>> Only 4%. So guess what Elizabeth Katie
Stanton and Susan B. Anthony did after
that? All the pro-suffrage leaders, they
banned women from voting on whether they
wanted to vote.
Isn't that crazy?
>> How did Susie be Susan B. Anthony get
involved in all this? Because she was
one of those people that was like, what
was she on the $2 bill or something?
Yeah. And she was one of those people
that always held up as this like amazing
woman. And then I started listening to
your book and I was like, wait, what?
>> Yeah. A lot of these women like her and
and Elizabeth Katie Stanton were kind of
the two big figure heads in America.
There were a lot of other important
people, but those are the two most
people have heard of. They're the ones
who wrote the history of women's
suffrage, which is this giant like
multi-olume history that they wrote.
Now, they wrote it from a very biased
perspective to make themselves the rock
stars of this movement. They wanted to
be remembered in the history books as
being these awesome badass kind of
revolutionary strong independent women.
They in fact came up with the strong
independent women narrative um that
women were victims who needed to be
unvictimized. They had other suffragists
that they were trying to cut out of the
history when they were putting together
this history of women's suffrage. Lucy
Stone was one that said, "Wait a minute.
You guys are leaving out huge chunks of
important information like the fact that
our main support comes from men,
progressive men and socialist men and
polygamist men. Like, why are you guys
leaving this out? If you do, like
everyone's going to know you just didn't
mention any of that." Because at the
time it was like super well known. They
had a lot of PR problems in the suffrage
movement because it was known as
something that prostitutes, socialists,
Marxists, polygamists,
and revolutionaries were into. And she
was like, you can't leave that out. It's
like a main point. Maybe you don't like
how it portrays us, but you got to
include it. So they like reluctantly did
include some of that, but they were
going to try to leave it out altogether
and frame it as we know it now as a
fight of women against men. This fight
of oppressed women against the
oppressive patriarchy that was
systemically trying to keep a boot on
women's necks
>> and even their own colleagues were like
that ain't how it happened.
>> It's crazy that progressive men were a
problem even back then.
>> These the simp problem is
>> rich ass men have always been a problem.
They're a giant problem.
>> Mhm.
>> And that's one thing that feminism does.
It gives them a way to be like I always
call them like vampire familiars.
>> Yes.
>> Like they never really get to be a
vampire, but they do all the deeds for
the vampire so the vampire loves them
and they they hang around the vampire
and they you know
>> it's the sneaky mating strategy.
>> Yes. Yes. What is that? Cuttlefish.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Cuttlefish do that. like sneaky
ass cuttlefish pretend they're
female so they can hang around the
females.
>> Yep. And that's exactly what was
happening. There were other motivations
too like uh Victoria Woodhull was a
famous feminist. She was the first one
to have like a big newspaper. She was
known as Mrs. Satan because she was into
free love. She wanted to make
prostitution legal. She said that
marriage was just a legal form of
prostitution. She saw it to be no
different than regular old
run-of-the-mill prostitution. She was
like really radical. She was also a scam
artist. Like the thing I found when I
was looking into the histories of all
these women, they were into the occult
or very anti-Christian because they saw
it as patriarchal and oppressive. They
were usually con artists or scammers. So
spiritualism and snake oil salesman was
like really big and popular at the time.
This lady sold fake cancer cures. She
was wanted in like four different states
for selling fake cancer cures to dying
people and scamming them out of their
money. And by pushing suffrage, she got
a lot of people to fund her and give her
money. And one of them was Cornelius
Vanderbilt.
And she would pretend to be able to
contact the dead. She would say she
could contact like ancient Greeks and
and all these spirits, like the spirit
of Abraham Lincoln was coming to her in
dreams and stuff. I don't think
Cornelius believed that at all. But what
he did know about her was that she did
run a prostitution ring and all her
friends were hookers who worked the Wall
Street gentleman. And so she basically
had a spy network of prostitutes who
would give her insider trading
information.
He used that to game the stock market on
the first Black Friday. I think it was
like 1889
for today's equivalent of $26 million
according to the New York Times. And
when the New York Times interviewed him
and said, "How did you do how did you
come out 26 million, at the time it was
1.3, but today's money 26 million. How
did you pull this off when everybody
else has just lost their ass?" And he
said, "Do as I do, consult the spirits."
So he said that this woman had contacted
the dead and given him the tip that way,
but it was really just she had a
prostitution ring. So these were the
these were the people involved, okay?
And this is what they were really doing.
But when gender studies departments got
a hold of this history, they're not
going to tell you any of this. Their job
was to become the PR branch in the
universities to sell Marxism and
feminism to young women to revolutionize
and radicalize. And they had help doing
that from the CIA.
>> Yeah. at the same time because we were
in the midst of a cold war. And
I'm not saying communism is good. I'm
definitely not. But according to the CIA
at the time, they were trying to push
Western liberalism as being superior to
communism in Russia and the Eastern
block. So they thought feminism was good
for that purpose. So they helped fund
the beginning of Miz Magazine. Um they
granted scholarships. They made up like
fake scholarships, one of which was
given to Gloria Steinum, you know, and
then they had her employed for years um
going around the world pushing feminism.
So, it was it was never that the average
woman was like, I want to vote. I want
to listen to political debates. I want
to learn about economics and foreign
policy. I'm really concerned about these
things and I want to know and I want to
vote. women were concerned about things
like having clean water, drinking water,
clean milk, safe parks, um you know,
less crime, all those sort of things.
And one of the other things they
predicted would happen, they said, if
you give women the vote and you
politicize us like this, it's all going
to become it's not going to be about the
welfare of our children and communities
anymore. It's going to be about things
like abortion and birth control. What
are the only women's issues that you
ever hear about anymore in politics? The
right to abortion and things like access
to birth control, access to abortion.
It's like the only thing you hear now.
Where are all the women even on the
right like fighting for the things they
were fighting for 150 years ago?
Nowhere. It's all about, you know, uh
like even Trump Trump frustrates me on
this because he wants he's like, "We got
to have more programs to get all the
moms back to work." And I'm like, why?
Why do you want to do that? Why do you
want to push all the moms back to work?
That's a terrible idea.
>> Why do you think he's saying that?
>> He's a liberal and he's a feminist. He
loves hiring women. It's probably his
biggest Achilles heel if he would stop
hiring women and get rid of a lot of his
problems. But he loves hiring women and
he's very pro-working woman. He like his
first wife, one of the things he loved
about her was she was very like
successful in business and and things
like that. Ivanka, same thing. And yes,
they have kids, but they have nannies
and they have all the money in the world
to like support them while they're off
doing this sort of thing. But what
happens to the average woman? The
promise of feminism looks something like
you're going to have the corner off. It
looks like sex in the city. You're going
to have the corner office and you're
going to be in Paris over brunch having
champagne and, you know, signing the ink
on the next deal and you're going to be
doing all this exciting boss babe stuff.
And then you can also have a kid and you
know the nanny will take care of the kid
while you're doing all this important
stuff at work and it's just going to be
amazing. The average woman like me ends
up working a basic like I'm a retail
manager. I'm a waitress, you know, um
I'm a school teacher. I work a nursing
sh a 12-hour nursing shift four nights a
week and I have to come home and take
care of my kids and my family and I feel
like I can't do it all. It's too much.
So, a lot of women just aren't even
having kids anymore. I don't I'm sure
you've looked at birth rates.
>> Yeah. It's kind of weird. It's weird
that no one's talking about it. And
there's there was always this narrative
about overpopulation. Yes.
>> And it's only been over the last decade
or so that people start talking about
population collapse
>> and the catastrophic impacts of that
particularly on some foreign countries
like South Korea, Japan. They do not
have a replacement rate,
>> right? They're going to be there won't
be a South Korea in the near future if
something radical doesn't happen over
there. But this is uh there's a whole
another chapter in the book dedicated to
this whole thing and where this came
from. The Malthusian population agenda.
Margaret Sanger gave me nightmares
writing the chapter about her. I
literally had nightmares about her
because she was so evil. Like it's hard
to Everybody's heard what she said about
black people by now. Most people have
heard that. Oh, that they're the lowest
of the low and we just need to get rid
of them. That it would be best for
humanity if we could just convince all
of the lower races to just stop
breeding. So, they Planned Parenthood on
purpose focused on African-American and
indigenous communities and poor whites,
too. But, um, she was part of the
Rockefeller Bureau for Social Hygiene.
It was a eugenics program and Planned
Parenthood was a eugenics program. And
she was so antiatalist. You can find
clips of her on the internet now where
they would interview her on the radio
and she'd say, "If it were up to me,
nobody would ever have babies anymore.
We just would stop having them because
life is terrible and life is hard and
it's suffering and bringing children in
the world is a terrible thing.
Especially, she said the most, this is a
famous quote of hers, the most uh kind
thing a large family can do to one of
its young members is to kill it."
And her whole her whole shtick was sold
on lies. She told lies about her mother.
She said that her mother died from
overbreeding, that she had so many
children it just it just destroyed her
body and she died. Not true. Her mom had
tuberculosis
and died from tuberculosis like half of
everyone back then. So she lied about
that. She told a fake story about a
woman named Satie Saxs who didn't know
how she kept getting pregnant and the
doctor refused to tell her because the
bad male doctors just wanted the women
to just keep having babies so they
refused to tell them how that worked.
Which I went and asked my grandma. I'm
like grandma you were around like in
this exact time period. Did you and your
mom like not know how babies were made?
She was like what are you talking about?
Of course we knew that. In fact, she
said after my sister was born her her
younger sister was the fourth kid in the
family. The doctor told my parents like
you guys need to be careful like time
things and like try because it's you
know she had some health problems and
he's like another baby might be risky so
if you want to avoid that here's how you
avoid that. She's like of course we knew
this idea
>> have known that since the beginning of
time.
>> Of course they have. But she wrote a
whole book that purported to have
thousands of letters from women around
the world writing to Margaret Sanger
saying, "I'm only 23 and I'm on my 14th
baby." I'm not kidding. She would she
the numbers were insane. She was
alleging that there were 23 year olds
who were on like their 11th pregnancy
and dying from uh over birth and that
they just didn't know how to stop it.
And so she was like, "This is why we
need abortion clinics.
is for this reason. Now, I looked into
this because there's something called
the Margaret Sanger Papers Project. They
have everything she's ever done. If she
wiped her mouth on a napkin, they've got
that in the archives. They have
everything. Do you think out of the
thousands of letters she said that she
got from women saying, "I just can't
stop having all these babies and it's
killing me and I'm miserable." How many
do you think are preserved in the
Margaret Sanger Papers Project?
>> How many? Zero.
>> Three.
>> Three. three out of thousands. And I
emailed them directly and I asked,
"Seems weird. You guys have like
literally letters that she wrote to her
friends. You have like all this
documentation on everything she ever
did. Certainly, if she was getting
thousands of letters, you've got more
than three." And they said, "Well, we
think it was mostly lost to time or she
sent them to abortion doctors to
encourage them to keep going because,
you know, people didn't like abortion
doctors." We think she sent it to a lot
of abortion doctors to like, you know,
give them a pep talk and uh yeah, we
just don't really know. It's just lost
to time.
>> So, you think she made a lot of it?
>> Oh, yes. Yes. Especially because if you
read the book, nobody reads this crap,
you know, except me. I'm crazy. Nobody
else wants to read all of their horrible
writing. But in the book, if you're
reading these letters, they sound
literally like they're all written by
the same person.
>> So, it's extremely dubious at best.
I would love if hey if the Margaret
Sanger Papers project folks want to come
and tell me like where all these are or
if there's any proof of this I would
love to see it because I looked for two
and a half years and couldn't find
anything. In fact, the most popular uh
Sanger biographer in the world who like
knows everything about her admits that
she lied about tons of stuff. She's
like, "Oh, she lied about the Satie
Sachs story. She lied about why her
mother really died. And she probably
lied about, you know, those other
stories and letters, too.
But she believed it was for a noble
cause. She thought what she was doing
was good. And the other big secret is
she was getting a lot of money. She was
getting paid by the Rockefeller
Foundation and promoted by people like
HG Wells, who she was also having an
affair with. They're all a bunch of
creepers, Joe. I'm telling you, she was
she was
>> sound like it. She sound like an insane
person in the book.
>> Yeah. She was married and had three
kids. She left her kids in like hippie
bohemian communities. One of them died
from neglect in one of these
communities.
Didn't care about her kids at all. In
fact, one of her sons grew up and said,
"My sister would not be dead if my
mother gave any shits about us
whatsoever." But she didn't. She was
anywhere except where we were. Any
excuse to leave. She let her ex-husband
take the wrap for her distributing
illegal um illegal stuff about like
abortion and birth control that the
Comtock laws didn't allow that back
then. So she was wanted in court and was
going to be put in jail for distributing
that stuff. She let her husband take the
fall for it while she went to England
and had affairs with people like HG
Wells and Havlock Ellis and they were
all uh bisexual and they were all a
cultist and doing all this crazy stuff.
But people HG Wells called her the most
incredible woman ever to live and said
that she was going to have more impact
on the future of humanity than any other
person.
>> This episode is brought to you by Zip
Recruiter. When you want to train your
dog, you don't want just any rando off
the streets who likes animals. You want
someone with the skills to get your pet
where you want them to be. Someone who
can help you help them. So, why wouldn't
you do the same when it comes to hiring
for your business? Skill-based hiring is
the thing to do right now. And a good
way to go about that is Ziprecruiter,
especially since you can try it for free
at ziprecruiter.com.
Ziprecruiter can help you find the
perfect match for your role. Their smart
matching technology works fast to find
candidates while screening questions
help ensure you find quality talent with
the skills you're looking for. It even
has filters you can use to see who's
been recently active on the site. Let
Zip Recruiter help you find amazing
candidates with the skills you seek.
Four out of five employers who post on
Zip Recruiter get a quality candidate
within the first day. And now you can
try it for free at
ziprecruiter.com/rogan.
That's ziprecruiter.com/rogan.
Meet your match on Zip Recruiter.
>> Why do you think he thought that?
because he was a eugenicist who loved
the idea of millions of abortions a
year.
>> HG Wells, the War of the Worlds guy, was
a eugenicist.
>> Yep.
>> You should have Jay Dy on to tell you
about HG Wells some I brought you.
>> I don't want to know. I I love the War
of the Worlds.
>> He He wrote some great fiction, but he
was a diehard Malthusian. These people
really believed it was actually a very
popular thing that we're talking like
right after Darwinism. We're talking
about just before the Nazis. We're
talking about the Kaiser Wilhelm
Foundation. It was very popular position
to be a in favor of social hygiene as
they called it, which was, you know,
anybody with birth defects shouldn't be
able to reproduce. Anybody of the lower
races or inferior mentally um any of
those kind of people shouldn't reproduce
because we want, you know, a cleaner,
better human race going forward.
>> Yeah. So, feminism was instrumental in
that. That's actually where the birth
control pill came from as well. Margaret
Sanger, the Rockefeller Foundation, the
Kaiser Wilhelm Foundation, and a lot of
Nazi scientists are the ones who started
synthesizing human hormones to make
birth control pills. And their the way
they sold that was they said, "Look, I
we know abortion is very unpopular.
People don't like it. It's a very
terrible thing that we have to do. We
have to do it because we don't want all
these babies.
But, you know, if you let us have the
birth control pill and you make it like
widely available and socially
acceptable, abortion will be a thing of
the past. Nobody will need one ever
again. That's how it was marketed and
sold to the world. And it sounds right.
It sounds reasonable. H maybe it's
better. Maybe it's better just to
prevent all the pregnancies and then we
don't have to worry about abortions. But
here we are in 2026. You can get
abortion or um you can get birth control
pills for $4 at Walmart. You can go down
to your local health department in your
county and get them for free if you're
under a certain income status. And we
still have well at least before they
overturned Roie Wade, we still had about
a million abortions a year in this
country even with the shot and the pill
and all these types of birth control and
more e education than we've ever had.
That was the other thing when I was in
school, right? more sex head, more sex
head, and then no more teen pregnancies.
It hasn't that hasn't panned out
whatsoever. It turns out that if you
take all the stigma away from sexual
activity, you tell everybody premarital
sex is actually good. You got to you got
to get in there and figure out how
things work before you get married. You
don't want to just get married. That's
ew. That's weird. Uh we still have a
million abortions a year. We still have
uh Plan B pills and things like this. Uh
there's been more babies aborted in the
last century than all the men that have
been killed in all the wars of the 20th
century. Like far and away.
>> Yeah. It's crazy. So,
>> um the
the glorious Dynam CIA thing is nuts.
>> Yeah,
>> that's nuts. Yeah,
>> because the real tinfoil hat, people
want to think that the CIA has been
involved in every single social aspect,
including like the rock and roll
movement of the 1960s. And there seems
to be some evidence in that.
>> And and and when you see like how far
the tentacles actually go and then you
see it like in feminism, you go, "Wait,
what? What was she was?"
>> Yeah.
>> So explain. So,
>> Gloria Steinham was recruited out of
Smith College in the 50s as all women's
college. Um, she already had some pretty
like left progressive kind of feminist
uh leanings. And this is generally how
this works. If you want to know how the
left has taken over academia, I have a
whole paper about this on my Substack.
How NOS's and universities have just
swung completely left and they have just
captured the university systems. They do
it this way. So they recruit her out of
Smith College. You know, she's writing
papers about women's rights and and
feminism and stuff like that. And they
go, "She's pretty good at this." So they
approach her and they say, "We're
willing to offer you something called
the Chester Bulls Fellowship." And she
goes, "What's that?" And they're like,
"Well, it doesn't really exist. We made
it up for you because what we're going
to do is we're going to give you this
fellowship. We're going to send you to
India. We're going to send you to
Europe. We're going to have you tour the
whole United States. Do a media tour.
Start a magazine to promote women's
rights. the things that you believe in.
So, it's it's a little more sneaky than
everybody sitting in a dark back room
and like plotting some evil plan to like
uh make America into a feminist hell
hole. It was more like we're trying to
promote liberal democracy around the
world because it's part of the Cold War.
You're really good at this feminism
stuff. Um, and if we can get a lot of
women voting, and if we can get them
into universities and mobilize them as a
political uh group, just similar to what
they did with black people, convince
blacks that you're all oppressed, you're
all victims, um, and and radicalize them
and make them permanent Democrat voters.
Same thing that they did with feminism.
So, they sent her to India where she
worked for the Ford Foundation. Again,
the same people who created gender
studies. um learned a lot of interesting
things over there in India. Not sure
what's going on in there. I said in my
book it's like a hotbed of like
theosophy and like crazy like the Daly
Lama and there's a lot of weird stuff
going on in India. I don't know why they
send everybody there and then when they
leave India they go and promote this
weird stuff. It's what they do. So they
sent her to like Eastern Europe to a
youth festival where she promoted
feminism. And this is at the time where
the Eastern block is still communist and
it's hard to get in there. But as a
woman, this is something uh
traditionally they always do with women.
It's very easy to sneak female spies or
propagandists in rather than men because
they're less suspicious.
>> Mhm.
>> You know, it's like, oh, she just wants
to promote education for women. And
they're like, fine, she can come, I
guess, whatever. Um, so she's promoting
feminism there. Then she comes here.
She's undercover at the Playboy Mansion.
Weirdly
>> undercover.
>> Yeah. She like people didn't know she
was CIA at this point. She was like a
Playboy bunny for a little while.
>> What?
>> Yeah. She was at the Hugh Hefner mansion
and
>> undercover as a Playboy Bunny.
>> Yeah.
>> That's hilarious.
>> Yeah. To promote. She was kind of hot
for like back in the day in the 70s,
late60s, she was kind of hot. Well,
compared to the other feminists we had
to choose from. Who else did we have?
Betty Fredan.
>> I don't know if is there any photos of
Gloria Steinum at the mansion? Yeah,
there's a picture of her in the bunny
costume.
>> Oh, we got to see that.
>> Yeah, maybe Jamie can pull it up.
>> Well, I'm trying this video, too. I'm
trying to see which is better.
>> Yeah. So, um and that was to promote the
sexual liberation stuff, right? Hey,
women can
>> for the CIA.
>> Yeah,
>> well, yeah, it doesn't say for the CIA
here, but
>> Undercover Playboy Bunny. It's an HBO
original.
>> Wow. There's a documentary on it. That's
correct. I wonder how they frame it.
>> This uh says it's for going about
>> exploiting women and low wages. And
>> see, let me see if the photos of her
down there
>> where
>> below right where it says images. Click
on one of those where it's her.
>> Yeah, she's pretty.
>> Yeah, good enough.
>> Yeah, that's her.
>> That's on her.
>> Christy Ali?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, is that Christy Ali playing her?
>> Must be.
>> Oh, yeah. She played her. Glor. And that
was in
>> for What year was that? 85. Wow,
that's crazy.
>> She did come out in her memoirs and talk
about it.
>> Interesting.
>> And she also talked about
>> Did she talk about that she was working
for the CIA?
>> Yes. So, she started Miz Magazine with
CIA funding. She was working with like
Clay Felker and a couple of other
>> Is that her?
>> No, that's not her either. She was okay.
I mean, it was nothing thrilling, but it
was it was good enough to to get her in
there. And like I said, her and Betty
Friedan had like this rivalry, this
vicious rivalry in the press because
Fredan was a Marxist. It's all there's
always been this battle between like the
the liberal capitalist type of feminist
and the Marxist type of feminist.
>> And Betty Friedan was not attractive.
She was very frumpy. She was older. Um
and the press loved Steinum because she
was like stylish and cool. She had like
highlights in her hair and she was kind
of a hippie. Um so she got all the press
and she started Miz Magazine. um which
there's a whole bunch on that in my book
as well. But yeah, it was like it was
part of the Cold War. It was part of
pushing like the liberal democracy stuff
to contrast it against like the
communist Eastern block at the time.
>> And it was very useful. There's
extensive writing from so many people in
this movement about how, hey, if you can
get women, young women into
universities. They're very easy to
propagandize. They're very easy to
program with whatever worldview you want
to give them. And if you want to make
them into revolutionaries, they make
excellent revolutionaries. This is why
right now you see women in Minnesota and
Portland and LA going up to ICE agents
and getting in their face and calling
them names and oh you got a small dick
little man. You think you're tough
If you're wondering why why is it women
why are women trying to like fight ICE
agents in the streets? It's because we
send them all to college. They get
indoctrinated with this Marxist feminist
worldview that masculinity is toxic and
bad. that men are inherently violent and
oppressive and women are inherently like
mother nature, earth types who bring
goodness and and fairness into the
world, make sure everyone has enough to
eat. This is the like false dialectic
that everyone gets taught. So they see
what what these women see when they see
ICE arresting, even if it's a a sex
criminal who has warrants, they don't
care. They see him as a sweet innocent
victim of the evil white patriarchy that
these are fascist Nazis coming to arrest
the beautiful baby immigrants who are
helpless and need protection from mommy.
>> So they weaponized that.
>> Did you see the there's a video of this
guy um going up to people to try to get
um people that ICE has deported brought
back into the country. Have you seen
this video? No. Is it? Let me send it to
you, James, because it's it's quite
funny because uh he's explaining how one
of them uh the one he wants to get back
in the country has committed five
murders, but he thinks he needs a second
chance, and they're 100% agreeing with
him. It's like it's one of the funniest
things. It's like you you just you see
how kooky people are with this
stuff that it it's not like, "Oh, wow,
he's a bad person." It's like, no. in
their little tiny blinders ideological
bubble, anybody that get gets deported
should be brought in. ICE is bad.
Immigrants are good.
>> Yeah.
>> And without any regard whatsoever the
consequences of bringing over murderers
and rapists and drug dealers and gang
members. Put your headphones on real
quick
>> cuz this is kooky.
>> Bring back illegal immigrants who were
deported by ICE. We're with the Br
campaign. Could we get your signature
for our petition? Just need your name
and email address. Specifically, we're
trying to bring back uh Edwin Hernandez
from El Salvador.
>> Yeah.
>> We do have to disclose to you though
that he is an admitted member of MS-13
and he did kill five people back in El
Salvador, but we think he deserves a
second chance and we want to get him
back. That's him right there.
What do you guys think about what's
going on with ICE in this country?
>> Oh, it's um appalling, I guess, is maybe
not even a strong enough word. So, yeah,
we're from Maine. Um there's been a lot
of ice activity in Maine.
>> Up in Portland, right?
>> Yep. Up in Portland. Yep. That's where
we live. Yeah. So, um I'm a teacher and
um
>> we there were lots of students that were
afraid to come to school.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Hopefully we can get uh Edwin Hernandez
back.
>> Yeah.
>> So, he doesn't have to be criminally
convicted in El Salvador. Right.
>> All right. Thank you so much. Thank you.
>> Good work. Good work. Good work. Bring
that murderer back. MS-13 gang member
was killed five people. Yeah. I'll bring
them back.
>> She's the perfect She's the perfect
example. She's a school teacher.
>> What school teacher do you know who's
not liberal?
>> Very few. Very few.
>> And most of K through 12 is female
teachers. By the time you get to high
school, there's a few more, but I think
it's like 80 90% of school teachers are
women.
>> So, they go to university, they go for
education, and they almost inevitably
end up getting some kind of women's
studies course thrown in there. And so
they're taught this worldview that white
men are evil and oppressive to women, to
minorities, to poor people. So they see
Ed Edwin Hernandez, whatever his name
is. Well, sure, he murdered five people,
but he wouldn't have done that if he
wasn't poor and oppressed by the evil
white patriarchy. It's not fair. And so
she wants to protect him. And she said
there's kids who are afraid to come to
school. You know, the kids are afraid.
It's just like the Democrats last night
with their little um reply to Trump's
State of the Union where they said the
same thing. Oh, if you've been trying to
protect your neighbors from the Gestapo
who's coming to arrest them, we
understand how stressful that is. They
just create this completely false
narrative. That's not how the world
really works. Ask the average like white
man out there who he's oppressing
because most of them are just working
hard as you know Amazon delivery drivers
or plumbers or right
>> sewage workers or something like that.
The average white man has never had like
this incredible amount of power. It's
all framing.
>> The minute you take away and destroy the
framing that everyone accepts
this all falls apart. which is why I
wrote the book because I'm like if women
knew espec specifically women like me
this is supposed to be for us. This
whole movement was supposed to be for me
and my daughters to uh liberate us. And
I was like okay from what? From the
people who have the best interest in
protecting me, my father, my husband, my
brother, the men around me. In order to
believe the feminist narrative that men
have systemically just always wanted to
keep women down and oppress them, you'd
have to believe that they didn't care
about their mothers, their daughters,
their sisters, their grandmothers, their
neighbor lady. Just just all the men
wanted to just systemically oppress the
women so that they could have free maids
and uh you know sexbot women at home.
There was a ton of propaganda in the 70s
as well about this. Remember the
Steepford Wives movie
>> where it was revealed in the movie plot
that like all the evil men in this nice
suburban neighborhood full of white
people, they all had sex bot wives. They
didn't want their real wives. They
wanted a mindless sex bot that cleaned
the house and baked casserles. And this
was supposed to imply that this is why
men are oppressing you. They don't want
you to have a brain. They don't want you
to have input. They don't want to hear
your thoughts on things or have you be a
real person. They just want you to serve
them. You know what I mean? That's not
how life is. Life's a lot more
complicated than that. But when you fill
the university systems with this and
then you fill the workplace with it,
we've got HR, we've got me too, we've
got all these systems in place now that
actually promote feminism. It's far and
away the dominant social aspect of the
culture. Look at every female celebrity.
every single one of them. Think of the
top ones like Kylie Jenner, Taylor
Swift, Beyonce, Katie Perry, any of the
really uh popular female pop culture.
They're all girl boss sexual liberation.
on your ex-boyfriend, men ain't
I'm going to dominate him with my,
you know, sexy physique and my sexual
prowess. And it turns out that a lot of
the ancient goddess worship, which was
really popular with feminists in the
70s, there was a huge revival of that, a
lot of the goddess archetypes that they
brought back, had those same themes.
like the goddess Khali who's a Hindu
goddess with eight arms and blue skin
and a tongue hanging out of her mouth
and all of her depictions in Hinduism.
They the feminists chose that and put it
on the cover of the first issue of Miz
magazine in 1973.
That seems like a weird choice if you're
trying to get suburban moms in 1973 to
buy your magazine to put this blue
skinned terrifying Hindu goddess on the
cover. So why did they do that? Well,
because they had her holding an iron and
a baby and like all these domestic
things, right? And the goddess Khali
symbolizes at least two feminists,
vengeance against men, taking back power
from men and having your revenge on them
because that goddess only accepts male
sacrifice, male human sacrifice,
especially on the battlefield. She like
drinks the blood of deceased male
warriors. Yeah. Very. And she's
intentionally terrifying. And she's
supposed to like symbolize this. And
>> let me see what she looks like, Jamie.
>> Yeah, if you pull up that
>> just put up the magazine goddess.
>> There it is.
>> Women tell the truth about their
abortions.
>> Wow.
>> On raising kids without sex. What year
was this? 1973, I think.
>> Wow.
>> Yep. On the housewife's moment of truth.
This was the huge propaganda campaign to
convince women that staying home and
raising your own kids is actually
horrific oppression and it's abuse and
you're enslaved.
You want to be at work working for your
boss. You want to be paying those taxes.
You want to don't submit to your
husband. Submit to your boss though,
>> right?
>> That's fine. But
>> or become the boss.
>> Yeah. Or become the boss, which again,
we've had 50 years of trying to push
women to be the boss. And guess what?
They really don't want to. And this is
what I always say.
>> Some of them do though.
>> Some of them do. That's true. And
>> they're not a lot of fun.
>> They're not. I would say there's always
been like 5% of women who are genuine
outliers who are really not cut out for
motherhood, who can go out there and
crush it, who are going to do something
else. Historically, usually it was like
maybe you would uh become a monastic
like a nun or something. Maybe you would
run a boarding school or a tavern. like
women have owned businesses and done
other things in almost every culture.
>> But you should be free to do that. The
the issue is like are we indoctrinating
people into a very specific ideology in
schools and universities? And is that
why they're going into something that
really maybe they're not that outlier
and they wouldn't really be interested
in it. You know, uh I was talking the
other day about this video that I saw on
Instagram um a while back where there
was this woman. She was talking about
how when she was in college, she was
dating this guy who was a Christian and
he wanted a traditional family and he's
like, "I'll take care of you and I'll
raise our kids." And she goes, "I didn't
want that. I wanted to go out there in
the world." So, I got my education and I
got the job and I'm doing the thing that
I want to do and I don't want it. She
goes, "I don't." And she was crying. She
was like, "I don't want it."
>> She goes, "This is not what I want. I'm
not happy and I up."
>> Yeah. And it's just crazy. You're like,
how many people silently feel like that?
>> Yeah. Well, the the truth is that since
this book came out a few years ago, I've
paid a pretty high personal cost for
putting this information out there. And
in the first chapter, I say, "Look, I'm
just going to present to you the actual
facts about the history and what really
happened because I think it's for you
women to decide. This is supposed to be
for you. I want you guys to look at what
really happened and the results of that.
And the whole last chapter is like a ton
of statistics about where are we now
after 50 years of this being the super
dominant thing. It's not great. It's not
great. But I was like, I want women to
have the ability to look at it
truthfully for themselves and decide
what they think. And I have been
slandered. I have been the things that
have been said about me, the lies and
the gossip that have been spread like
online. Uh calling me everything under
the sun, just wild crazy rumors about my
personal life that are not true. Um
because
>> but that's going to happen to anybody
that says anything controversial.
>> Kind of seen as somebody betraying the
sisterhood, right? Because we're so
programmed that it's like the knee-jerk
reaction from women often times. But I
get hundreds now emails, DMs, letters in
the mail even um from to our PO box from
women. Like one was a lady who was like,
"I'm 60 years old. I'm sitting here
reading your book and it's covered with
tears because I fell for this Now
I'm 60 years old. I have no husband. I
have no kids. I have a shitty job that I
hate. I'm going to die alone. And I
can't go back and change any of it. What
do I do?"
>> Do you know who's upset about it, too?
the lady who created Sex in the City.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Did you see that?
>> She's a gem. Yes. There's like a little
a video about that, isn't there? Where
um
>> she's talking.
>> She said that she regrets having ever
made that.
>> Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Cuz how many
women saw that and like I'm going to be
that boss girl. Yeah.
>> I'm going to be What was the one lady
that everybody? The the hot
blonde lady.
>> Uh
>> Jamie, you a giant Aren't you a giant
fan? Sex in the City.
>> No, but that's the character's name.
character or actor?
>> Both.
>> Samantha's character.
>> Yeah.
>> That uh lady, she was in all the like
80s. That's it. Yes. Super hot.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And it was like I'm going to be
like her.
>> I'm going to be a Samantha. Yeah. I
know.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, I mean it was pushed on me really
hard and I was told I was told you're
like a loser. I'll never forget this. It
was like maybe 12 years ago. somebody um
from the RNC that I was arguing with
online about this. She told me, "You
should be ashamed of yourself. You are
not a proper conservative woman and you
are not contributing to the movement by
staying home with your kids." I said,
"Really? How's that?" She goes, "What
about the GDP?"
>> I was like, "The GDP?" She's like, "If
you were a real Republican, you'd be out
there working and contributing to the
GDP." And I was like, "You're right.
raising five children and trying to make
them the best human beings I can I can
help them be.
>> Who wants to do that? I should get out
there and work for a corporation. That's
>> GDP was her argument. That's crazy.
>> I debate feminists all the time.
>> Yeah.
>> Online. I'm pretty undefeated if anybody
wants a piece.
>> Well, here's the thing about liberals
online. I was just talking to Andrew
about this.
>> She said that was incorrect. A take on
her.
>> The opposite is true. I've never
regretted not having children. And I
feel compelled to have a career since I
was a child. But who's judging? Not me.
Read all about it in my new book. But I
thought, so why does it say here? Sex in
the city writer Candace Bushnell 60
admits she regrets choosing a career
over having children as she is now truly
alone.
>> I know. And then there's a link.
>> I would imagine she was selling a book
and they're taking some out to get some
headlines.
>> This is the Daily Mail, though. The
Daily Mail's a little sus, right?
>> Click on that. Highlight that and click
on that article. that Daily Mail article
like do they quote her even if it's
>> so just the where it says there via
Daily there's definitely plenty of other
women who push this who say they regret
it
>> but I wonder like how are they able to
say that she regrets this if she doesn't
if there's no quote attached to it
so what does it say here then when I got
divorced I was in my 50s started to see
the impact of not having children and
being truly alone
>> okay
>> I do see that people with children have
an anchor in a way that people who have
no kids don't Okay. And what does it say
below that anymore? Did she elaborate?
She explained that she didn't feel like
dating in her 2000 after a 2012 divorce.
Ballet dancer. She married a ballet
dancer. Red flag. This was a headline
going around for a while, but sorry male
ballet dancers. I'm just kidding. Um,
it's not that long to get to my age. I
know women who have gone longer.
>> Uh,
that was it. That was the entire quote.
Yeah, I was just looking her up and
>> well, I can see why they took it that
way then. But
>> that seems like
>> maybe she's saying overall she still
thinks it was better to go after a
>> Maybe she's just gaslighting everybody
to sell a book, you know? Maybe she's
like, you want to sell that book, you
better be like on the go go boss girl,
>> I suppose so. But like you asked you
asked me like is do women really want to
be in the workplace or are they only
kind of really choosing?
>> That's a giant generalization anyway. Of
course it is. Obviously, some women do
and some women don't. And there's a lot
of women who naturally maternally want
to have children, want to have a family.
>> And then it's also finding a guy that
you can trust that you care about and
you think is going to stick with you and
he's really going to be invested in this
whole thing. And
>> someone who's like a solid man who's not
going to become an alcoholic and lose
his job and fall apart, then you're
And yeah,
>> that can happen to anybody. But that
aside for just a moment, uh, Simone de
Bouvois, the arguably the biggest
feminist of Second Wave, the French
intellectual who was, uh, buddies with
Jean Paul Sartra, and they got in
trouble for grooming underage kids and
seducing them and all kinds of crazy
stuff, but she's respected as the
greatest feminist intellectual of the
20th century. And she was super
influential. And in a a 1970s interview
with Betty Friedan, she said, "I don't
believe that society should give women
the opportunity or the choice to stay
home and be mothers because if we do,
they're all going to pick that and I
don't think it should be an option." So,
>> oh my god,
>> it was the it was the view of the
feminists that Yeah. they and Susan B.
Anthony and Elizabeth Katy Stanton said
that they said uh we would have never
passed suffrage had it not been for men.
If it was ever left up to women alone,
we would have never passed suffrage.
They would have never gone for it. They
don't want liberation. Now, of course,
from their view, they're like, "Well,
it's because they're oppressed and they
don't know that they hate their solid
their slavery yet. They just haven't
realized how oppressed they are. And if
they could see it, you know, for what it
is, they wouldn't like it." But we
couldn't convince them for a hundred
years. We had to convince the men that
it don't you want your daughters to like
have their own money and this and that.
Um, so the feminists themselves say
women didn't want it. If we ever left it
up to women, they wouldn't have ever
chosen it. Like, at least not as a
whole. Sure, there would always have
been a minority, but I would argue that
the minority of women who fought for
that were the ones that
the status quo historically of get
yourself a good man, have a family, um,
stay home. It doesn't work for them. So
like a lot of them there's a book about
this um Edward Dutton wrote a book about
witches feminism in the fall of the west
where he says traditionally like women
the archetype of the witch being ugly
and haggarded and living on the outside
of town it's kind of historically
accurate most of the feminists like have
you ever seen a picture of Susan
Banthony for no for example
>> I have not
>> she is uh aesthetically challenged we'll
say that
>> so is Betty Friedan so are a lot of
these women uh not all but a lot of them
are a lot of men were not really
interested in them.
>> I think they look at the system and they
go, "Well, this isn't fair to me. You
know, I'm smart. I can do other thing.
I'm just a baby factory." You The amount
of women who have called me a baby
factory is pretty insane because I have
five kids.
>> Well, they're not fun women.
>> No, they're not fun women. But they be
like, "I don't want to be you. You're
just a baby factory." And it's like,
>> same kind of men that call me toxic
male.
>> Oh, yeah. You know, it's just
>> how dare you be su a successful
masculine archetype of a man,
right? It's very threatening to people.
Well, in some ways, I'm the weirdest
person to be here talking about this
because I grew up a tomboy. Uh, and I
have a lot of like people use this
against me. They're like, "Oh, you're
actually really masculine for a woman.
You may not always look super
masculine."
>> Well, you're really into firearms.
>> I'm really I'm a firearms instructor. I
love weightlifting. I'm like an OG meat
head. I love bodybuilding. I did
powerlifting for years. I grew up on
farms playing in the mud with the other
boys in the neighborhood. That's what I
liked to do. But I think that when you
grow up like that as a woman, you
realize like I'm really strong for a
woman. I can deadlift 250 pounds for
sets of five, but the guy next to me who
has never trained in his life can do
that, too.
>> And you give him six months in the gym
and he's going to blow past me. you
know, you just you have a more realistic
understanding of how that works. And I
think that in the modern era, all the
feminist side debate, they live in this
world that we're sitting in this studio
right now and all this wonderful stuff
that allows me to be here talking to you
and talking to all the folks that are
watching. The microphone, the
technology, everything was built by men.
You'll hear the Hetty Lamar thing that
she came up with Wi-Fi. No, it's not
true.
>> Really?
>> No, it's not true. She she worked with a
man on a precursor to it, but it wasn't
her. It wasn't like she by her
>> I think so. I think I think they
actually were I think it was one of her
>> boyfriends. I could be wrong on that.
But no, if you like even if you just ask
Grock, is that really true? And it's
like h well a little bit but not really.
and that. But far and away, men are the
builders and maintainers of
infrastructure and technology, and they
always will be. Cuz the truth is, women
have had 100 years to get into that
stuff, and they just don't really want
to.
>> They'd rather be interior designers or
psychologists or things that are um, you
know, about people and social dynamics
and, you know, aesthetics and stuff like
that. I'm that way, too. I have like a
really strong intellectual, logical
side. I love debating and all that kind
of stuff, but I also love smelling
babies heads and dressing them in cute
little outfits and, you know, I love
glitter and sparkly things. So, it is
what it is. Women don't want to go be
men,
>> right?
>> That's what we're finding out after 100
years of this is that when you make
women be men, they hate it. Like that
lady that um tried to be a man, have you
heard of that story where the woman
tried to pose as a man for like a year
and she ended up
>> deleting herself, I think.
>> Oh. because it was so horrible. Like it
was so awful. She was like, "Life as a
man is awful. It's tough. It's hard.
Nobody cares about your feelings.
Nobody's coming to rescue you." And I
think women growing up in this era, they
don't think about when they turn on the
light switch in the morning, how that
happens. When they get in their car and
drive to work, they don't think about
who built the road they're driving on,
who built the cars or designed them, or
who changes their oil, is all men. that
when they flush the toilet, they don't
think about, hey, if uh that toilet
backs up or the sewage, you know, the
sewer treatment plant has a problem.
It's going to be men that go in and fix
it. If there's a hurricane or an ice
storm, who's going to be back out in the
dangerous weather trying to rescue
people and get the power back on? It's
going to be men. I'm waiting for the
feminists to come and rescue all the
people from the floodwaters and to put
the power lines back up after the
tornadoes come through. So far, they
have not appeared. They haven't shown up
to do the dirty, dangerous, and
difficult jobs that men do. And I'll
believe them that what they want is
equality when they start signing up for
those jobs.
>> Well, it's just such a bizarre
perspective to think that it's not a
huge task to raise children.
>> Yeah. and to care for them and
communicate with them and see to their
emotional needs and and help them solve
things and figure things out and help
them with their schoolwork and just
normal stuff that is so crucial to the
development of a child.
>> Yeah.
>> And we've somehow because there's no
monetary
you can't like put a number on that like
what how valuable it is. It's not
valuable if it's not bringing in money
if it's not contributing to the GDP.
>> Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Thatird that whole the like myth of
women's unpaid labor. Um I'm glad you
brought that up. I just finished a huge
project that I'm working on with uh
Andrew, my my excellent has handsome
husband and uh Steven Crowder, Dr. David
Patrick Harry, and Rob Nor who's a uh
champion debater. We put together a
feminist debate course that's coming out
really soon. I think this week. I think
it drops this week. And we go over all
these myths and debunk them. when we
tell we show people and demonstrate like
how to debate this feminism thing
because it's a leviathan. It's a beast.
If you take it on, like one of the
reasons I'm out here doing it is because
when men try to argue against feminism
or feminists, they immediately get
slapped with you're a misogynist, you
hate women, you're an insult, all the
tropes, you have a small dick, what are
you gay? Like just all the insults,
right?
>> Well, when I sit in front of them and
make those arguments,
>> you can't really just get away with
that. I have to contend with them
because I'm a woman,
>> right? I
>> mean, you could try to insult me, but
it's not going to land the same as when
you do that to a man. So, we put
together this course to try to help
people um deconstruct the framing that's
been built, question all the founding
axioms that feminism was this good,
necessary, grassroots thing, that it's
good for women, that if it ever went
away, all the women would be chained to
the stove in servitude, not not allowed
to learn how to read or drive a car.
When you hear about like women's
oppression in the Middle East, that's a
result of Islam. In Christryendom, that
was never a thing. Like even in like
ancient Christianity was one of the
first places that women were really seen
as full human beings. And a lot of it's
because of the theos, the mother of God,
the Virgin Mary, being the ark of the
new covenant that brought Christ into
the world for man's salvation. She was
even asked by an angel and she said,
"Let it be so." which is so bizarre that
modern feminist women support Islam.
>> Yes, they do. And they hate Christianity
and they hate the Virgin Mary. They
don't like her being an archetype of
virginity and motherhood, you know, and
strength and men's salvation. They don't
like that. But they'll support Islam all
day long. That's fine.
>> It's so strange.
It's It's so strange that it it worked.
Mhm.
>> It's it's so strange that something that
goes against actual human nature
>> somehow or another became the prevailing
ideology amongst liberal women.
>> Um the occult aspect of it was very
shocking.
>> Yes.
>> It was very weird.
>> It was very shocking to me.
>> You didn't know. When I started
researching to put together the book, I
thought it was going to be mostly about
the funding of the feminist movement,
the Jackal Island Club, being the same
guys that like went to the Jackal Island
in secret and put together the income
tax and the Federal Reserve and the
compulsory education system. I thought
it would be mostly about that and the
fact that women never wanted it, that
women weren't the ones that just came
together and demanded it. And then I
started researching all the like popular
figureheads and really reading their
stuff because I was like this is a very
unpopular it's I'm making pretty intense
claims here. So I really have to be able
to back it up and I better make sure I'm
correct and I better make sure I'm
accurate because whenever you're
challenging a narrative this big,
everyone's going to go through with a
fine tooth comb and try to
>> see where I'm wrong or see if I'm lying
or see if I'm twisting things. So, I did
two and a half years of just reading
feminist literature.
It was rough, but I got through it. And
what I found was, holy moly,
most of these women, almost all, but
certainly most, were into spiritualism,
which was like a big 1800's movement of
like trying to do seances and contact
the dead and things like that. uh
theosophy which combines like eastern
occult practices with like other western
traditions um ancient goddess worship uh
new age stuff and even satanism and
luciferianism in fact in my book I cite
a book that's a PhD thesis by a
professor from Norway his name's
perfaxeld I don't know if that's the way
you pronounce it but that's how it's
spelled p e r it's called uh satanic
feminism his book and Now, he himself is
a Satanist. He's a Luciferian himself.
So, he sees it as a good thing that the
women of the 19th century openly
declared Lucifer as their liberator and
the mascot of their movement. Now, you
would look back and think these were
Christian women because they were in
like New England and stuff in in the
United States, Puritan communities and
things like this, but they weren't. In
fact, Elizabeth Katie Stanton and a
bunch of her friends wrote something
called the Woman's Bible in 1895
where they rewrote the Bible from a
feminist perspective and took out the
things that they thought uh were
oppressive and patriarchal. And in the
intro, Stanton herself says, I think her
husband was a preacher maybe or some
really involved with the church at the
time, but she said, "I don't believe
that any man has ever heard anything
from God. I don't believe the Bible is
divinely inspired. I think all of
Christianity was made up specifically by
men to oppress women." That's my
personal belief. She was more of like a
proton-newager. She believed in like
this monism stuff. And she said, "If I
could monism,
>> yeah, monism is like the kind of a lot
of the new age or even some of the DMT
bros will kind of come to this
conclusion that there's like a one that
we have to return to. Like we're all one
and we're all God and we forgot that we
need to return to the one." Yeah. We're
all We're all God.
>> I've heard that one before.
>> Yeah. And we got to return to the one.
And they were writing about this stuff
in like the early 1800s is like
transgenderism, gender abolition, gender
as a spectrum was being written about by
Margaret Fuller in the 1840s in America.
And she said, "We're never going to
return to the one as long as we have
this gender division." So in the future,
I'm envisioning a future with no gender.
There's no men and women anymore. And
she said, "Nobody's really born a man or
a woman. You're either you're on this
spectrum and some people are more on the
male side and some people are more on
the female, but nobody is like fully one
or the other. It's a
>> I had that argument once with a guy who
was a professor. It was one of the
dumbest conversations I've ever had on
this podcast. And I I eventually had to
say to him, if you go buy a puppy and
it's a boy puppy, but you wanted a girl
puppy, do you say that there is no
gender? What do you do?
>> Right?
>> Like what do you do? Like what are we
talking about here? You're saying that
some men don't exist? That men aren't
real? That women aren't real? That no
one is a man and no one is a woman?
Like, that's crazy. How did you get
here? You got here because someone with
an XY chromosome had sex with someone
with an XX chromosome. And that's how it
works.
>> That it's like a biological definition
based on objective reality.
>> Yes.
>> Like, we all know that, but there's this
weird dance. And that dance if
you keep just asking questions like why
is that dance? What are you doing? Like
why why are you saying that? Like what
does that mean? Well, what about this
and what about that? It just falls
apart. But yet they have this weird
resistance to facts.
>> Yes.
>> Very strange. Well, this is why the
occult was so appealing to these people
and why so like feminists are drawn to
the occult and occultists are drawn to
feminism because in most occult
traditions there is this idea of gender
bending and gender fluidity and um
transcending gender.
>> Yeah. in order to uh transcend to
something higher to become the stars
again or to become part of the one monad
or
>> so I I'm reading all their backgrounds
and they're all writing about this stuff
and many of them claimed to be automatic
writers so they would write a book about
feminism say it's not coming from me
it's coming from this entity that's
speaking through me yes
>> yeah like that kind of stuff
>> so they would do that um they would like
uh Victoria Woodhull would claim to be
able to contact the dead or they would
just say this Christianity stuff is only
here to oppress women. Lucifer was the
good guy. Kind of the Prometheian myth
of like actually he was the good one
because he enlightened us and gave us
you know free will and
>> Luciferianism is very strange because
you look at the definition of
Luciferianism you think oh they're going
to say someone who believes that the
devil is God but it's not quite that.
like pull please pull up pull up
perplexity our wonderful AI sponsor and
ask it what is the definition of
luciferianism cuz I when I went down
this rabbit hole with your book I looked
this up so it's very strange diverse
belief system by the way that's a weird
way to say a diverse belief system
>> that reveres Lucifer not as the
Christian devil but as a symbol or deity
of enlightenment knowledge and human
potential
>> yes
>> Lucifer Yes.
Satan.
>> Uhhuh.
>> The guy who rules hell where everybody
burns for eternity.
>> Luciferianism. Uh, Luciferians emphasize
self-improvement, free will, and
intellectual pursuit over traditional
relig religious dogma. They view Lucifer
as a lightbringer or liberator. Often
drawing from pre-Christian figures like
Prometheus. practices may include
ceremonial magic, but the focus is
typically on personal empowerment rather
than the worship of evil, but that's a
trap door, ain't it?
>> Yes, it is.
>> That's what it seems like.
>> Exactly what it is.
>> It seems like a trap door. Just the way
they describe it, you're like, "Oh,
well, that's me, man. I'm into
self-improvement."
>> And that's cool. That's why it's we're
all God. I'm God. And that's where you
get moral relativism. Secular humanism
comes from luciferianism, by the way.
And in the 20th century, almost all the
feminists signed like the humanist
manifestos and things like that. The
secular humanism stuff where it's like
morality is subjective. You know, what's
right for you at the time is what's
right and what's right or wrong for me
at the time. And there is no objective
moral facts. By the way, the reason they
get away with rewriting the history on
feminism is because they use something
called standpoint theory. And this is a
an epistemological framework that
asserts that there is no such thing as
objective historical truth or facts.
There's no objective timeline of
history. There are no historical facts.
And to the extent that these historical
facts exist, they were created by white
patriarchal oppressors to perpetuate
their patriarchal oppression. So we
can't know the real history unless it's
told from the perspective of the most
oppressed woman. And so that is how they
rewrote everything. And the stuff you're
getting from their textbooks, the things
you're being taught in in university is
this stuff. It's not anything having to
do with objective historical timelines.
>> So Lucifer appears explicitly only once
in the Bible in Isaiah 14:12, King James
version. How art thou fallen from
heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning?
How art thou cut down to the ground
which dits weaken the nations? And then
also this uh
>> original context
uh uh
um Lucifer translates from the Hebrew
term meaning shining one, bright one or
lightbear often linked to the morning
star.
>> Yeah,
>> there's a I think the later link in
later history is the hell and
>> scroll back down again to what that stop
right there. It says uh
oh not originally a proper name or
reference to Satan. So but that is Satan
though, right?
>> So
>> that's who became Satan. Yeah. Right. So
it's like Lucifer before he went bad.
The old days like the Beatles, the early
albums.
>> I don't think so.
>> No.
>> Well, it's
>> So Lucifer is not Satan.
>> No.
>> What?
>> Well, the orthodox tradition is that he
is. And there's multiple names for him.
So sometimes he's called the adversary.
Sometimes he's called different things.
the the modern Protestant
interpretations of things because they
use solos scriptorera and there's a ton
of like word concept fallacies where
they think this word always refers to
this one thing
>> and they're not correct about that. So
like our church tradition says yes he is
Satan. Um he is the adversary. He's you
know the evil one. He's got lots of
names. Um I think Lucifer is like his
name is an angel but
>> but so he was a fallen angel become
Satan. Yeah. So what but obviously if
someone is not just a fallen agent
becomes like the worst
being in the world or in the universe
>> like how could you ignore that and only
concentrate on the self-improvement
>> could you name that after somebody else?
Aren't there a lot of other
self-improvement people in the Bible?
>> Well that's the thing it just seems
tricky what this really comes down to
like the the name of the book is occult
feminism. It has two meanings. The first
meaning is a lot of these women were
really into the occult,
>> right?
>> That's the most obvious one. But the
second one is occult. The term itself
just means hidden. And there's a whole
history here that's been completely
intentionally hidden from both women and
men, but specifically from women that if
they knew it, I think they'd have a
whole different view of this movement
and they would question a lot of its
foundational grounding axioms and and
all the presuppositions we have that it
was to protect women. Right.
>> So if if we look at that, if we look at
the promises of feminism, the promises
we were told, it's going to protect you
from abusive men, from unhappy, abusive
marriages. It's going to uh give you
more freedom and more choice in your
life. Those were the the selling points
and the things we were promised. But if
you actually like look at the
statistics, you look at the outcomes of
what's happened since feminism became
dominant and we pushed women into the
workforce. We discouraged them from I
mean antiatalism is so rampant. I mean
you hear people refer to children as
like icky. They call them crotch
goblins. They call them you know sex
trophies. All these like uh derogatory
terms for children and parents. And you
see the dual income no kids people. the
Dinks making all their like Tik Toks
about like a day in our life is dinks.
We went to the Taylor Swift concert last
night and then we slept in extra late
and then we had brunch and smoked a
joint like you know Chelsea Handler.
Look, we have no responsibility. We live
purely for ourselves. We do whatever we
want. It's so great.
>> So, it's like always been this dialectic
of
>> do you want to be self-sacrificial
and give of yourself for something
greater that goes into the future long
after you're gone? this greater purpose
that's going that you might never even
see fully the fruits of in your lifetime
or do you want to party and have fun and
go after what you want now and be kind
of hedonistic kind of selfish and that's
the that's the luciferian paradigm like
even um the satanic temple guys Anton
Levy and all those guys they said look
we're not even like deistic Satanists we
just think I'm my own god I decide
what's right for me I do what I want in
my life for for my own fulfillment and
nobody is entitled to anything from me.
I decide if and when I want to give
anything to anyone, this life is for me.
Those are kind of the two sides you kind
of end up on. And so when I when I say a
cult, I kind of mean that, too. I kind
of mean like, yeah, raising five kids
was really hard. I had to I didn't buy
fancy new clothes. I didn't get beauty
treatments. I didn't do much of anything
for myself. I went like 20 years with no
sleep. Uh, it was, you know, it's it is
hard work, but
>> my children and hopefully their
children, who is who I wrote this book
for when I wrote it, I thought it was
going to be like I didn't know I was
going to be here talking about it. I
thought it was going to be for like my
grandkids and my great-grandkids and
things like that because I wanted them
to know this stuff. Um, that's hard.
It's hard work. And on the front end of
that, the first 20 years that you're
raising kids, it feels kind of thankless
sometimes. It feels tough and you go,
"What am I doing all this for? It's so
my friends are out at the concert,
they're partying,
>> every every job feels like that."
>> Yes. So, when you put in all that hard
work and sacrifice on the front now, I'm
in my mid-40s. My kids are all grown. I
have children that are like in their
mid20s adults. My youngest is in high
school. I have more time to do other
things. That's why I said we give women
backwards advice. We tell them spend all
your fertile years building an education
and a career and then later if there's
time for a family maybe you can do that
if you want to be weird. We what we
should tell women I think is you can do
a lot of things. I'm not saying you only
have children and you never do anything
else. And that was never the case
historically. It was never the case. I
had my first child at 20. I had my last
one at 32. I got a lot of living, God
willing, you know that I'll be able to
do other things. I'm doing this now. Um
once I have grandkids, you'll probably
never see me again because hopefully
I'll be doing a lot with that. Um I'll
have time to do things for my church,
for my community. I could do anything I
want. I can garden. I can write books.
There's a million things you could do.
And that was always the case. This idea
that women didn't have choices before
feminism is nuts. They were writing
novels. they were supporting themselves,
you know, doing all kinds of other
things. And what's happened after
feminism is now I think you don't have
many choices because like my daughters,
>> my my uh second oldest is like I would
love to just get married right now and
have kids, but like how do we pay for
it? What do I what do I do until I find
a husband? Like between 18, say I don't
find a guy till I'm 23. What do I do for
those five years? Just stay at home and
total my thumbs? Like what do I do? Do I
get a job? she feels like she doesn't
have choices. She would love to stay
home and have kids. Um most of the women
who write to me are like I had one lady
write to me and say, "I ever since I got
together with my boyfriend and started
going to church with him, all I can
think about day in and day out is
getting married and having kids, I
daydream during the day about my future
children and I dream about them in my
dreams at night. That's all I in me
wants to do that." But I'm in my last
year of dental school and I have all
this debt and my parents fully expect me
to graduate and start a dental practice.
And if I told them, I'm not going to do
that. I'm just going to stay home and
have kids. They would lose it. They
would probably disown me. They would
think I'd lost my mind. They would say,
"Are you kidding? You can't do that."
And I talk to women all the time who
feel like they're trapped that way. And
the truth is, feminism didn't make
anything safer for women. It did the
opposite. If you look at, we have so
much data on this. Cohabitative
relationships where you just live with
your boyfriend have a 35% higher
domestic violence rate than married
couples. If you look at child abuse,
there's something called the National
Incident Study. I have a whole breakdown
of this on my Substack 2. It's gone over
the last 45 years of all the data we
have from every reporting agency in the
country. It's the most comprehensive
one. For the last 45 years, um, children
who live with married biological parents
are 12 times safer by on every metric,
whether it's sexual abuse, physical
abuse, emotional abuse, neglect,
by a factor of 12 times safer than any
other living situation. And kids that
come from disrupted family living
situations like mine where you got
divorced parents and like dad's got a
girlfriend, mom's got a new husband,
those sort of things. Those are all far
far far unsafer for children on every
level that we look at. And then if you
look at kids from fatherless homes, the
risk for everything, uh addiction,
learning disabilities, mental health
problems, uh ending up in a juvenile
facility, being homeless, it's like
between 70 to 85% of kids in those
situations come from fatherless homes.
So what we've done over the last 50
years is take dads and husbands out of
the home and replace them with the
government.
And it has made women and children more
vulnerable to abuse, to abandonment, to
ending up on welfare, to ending up in
any number of bad situations that you
can think of. It didn't protect us. And
I think if more women knew that, they
would at least, you know, give it a
second thought and be like, hm,
maybe the whole getting married and
having kids thing isn't so terrifying.
We don't fearonger women about what can
go wrong if you dedicate your whole life
to a career. You know, we don't tell
them, well, what if this happens? What
what if you try to be a a brain surgeon
and then you get Parkinson's and you can
never work again.
>> But like what percentage of people in
this country, families in this country
require both parents to work in order to
get by? most. Yeah.
>> Most.
>> So, what's the solution to that?
>> Well, I think it's not going to be
quick. It's gonna be a
multi-generational project. But I think
if you give women the choice, I believe
Simone Devouis when she said that if you
give women the choice, more and more
will choose to be moms and stay.
If they can't,
>> in this situation we're specifically
talking about where they require two
incomes in order to pay the bills.
>> So, that was me. So, when Andrew and I
got together, um, and we had two kids of
our own. We've now got a house full of
kids. He's, um, you know, starting his
career, he's making okay money, but
nothing crazy. And we had to like move
out to the country where it's cheaper.
We had chickens. We had a garden. I had
I learned how to be a firearms
instructor because I could teach a class
on a Saturday, only be gone for one day
of the week, and make like 2,000 bucks.
So, I could make like a week's worth of
money only working one day a week on the
day that he's home. So, like my advice
to people, I'm not super huge on giving
advice because it depends. There's a lot
going on that I don't know your
situation, but you have to get creative.
Try to find things you can do on the
side, things you can do from home. The
was one of the benefits to COVID is now
something like 30% of work is remote
from home work. Mhm.
>> If you can do that and kind of structure
your day more around the kids and work
at night, maybe when dad's home, things
like that, that's kind of an ideal
situation.
>> In an ideal situation. Yeah.
>> Um I wanted to talk about Jack Parsons.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And uh all the craziness because we we
had um gone over the fact that this guy
was uh working for NASA.
>> He was involved in rocketry.
>> Yes.
>> And yet he was an avowed Satanist.
>> Yes. and he got involved in the whole
feminist movement.
>> Yeah. Through through his girlfriend
Marjorie Cameron who was like an
archetype of the scarlet woman. So
Parsons was kind of like he created like
a kind of an occult cult that was a
breakoff from Alistister Crowley and had
a lot of Croian beliefs. And when he met
Marjorie Cameron, she was like this
rebellious redhead uh who smoked and
drank and slept around and like all the
Hollywood dudes in his circle kind of
liked her. A lot of his friends slept
with her too. Um and she was very into
the occult and she was really into like
witchcraft and ritual magic and so was
he. And so when they met, it was like
instant chemistry. And the rumor, the
legend is that they spent like, I don't
know, multiple many days, even like up
to a couple of weeks, non-stop doing sex
magic together. Like that's all they did
for a couple weeks. They
>> What's sex magic? So, according to like
Crowley and a lot of these kind of like
more openly Satanist left-hand path type
of occultism, the sexual experience and
the orgasm is super powerful because it
can channel your emotions in a way that
nothing else can. You get like this big
surge of energy and emotion that will
make whatever spell or ritual you're
doing more powerful. So Crowley's
favorite thing to do was sodomize fellas
in order to uh worship demons or invoke
demons.
>> Yeah, he had he had pets. He had dudes
that were his little
>> boy
>> his bottoms for his I I need to go. Uh
>> was gay or bisexual? He was by He had a
lot of women he would do this stuff with
too, but he thought that the homosexual
stuff, basically the more degenerate it
is, the more intense it's going to make
the spell. So,
>> Oh, boy. So, he cast spells while he's
butt
>> Yeah.
>> Woo.
>> Yep.
>> Whoa.
>> And then you add a little bit of
hallucinogenic drugs in there, too. And
>> And that's where you really get the good
stuff.
>> What What impact did all these people
have on feminism? So, I mean, Parsons
was also friends with the guy who uh
came up with Scientology, um Hover. Yep.
>> And they actually fought over Marjorie
Cameron for a while. And when Parsons
died cuz he blew himself up, you know,
at home working on a rocket, he blew
himself up.
>> Cameron didn't handle it well, she
freaked out. She moved out into the
desert and was and started her own
community cult of like moon children. So
nuts. It's so nuts. She specifically
recruited like all different races of
people. Like she focused on finding
dudes to impregnate her supposedly to
make moon children who were going to
like bring the antichrist and they'd go
out into the desert and live on this
ranch together and do a bunch of peyote.
And she made like art. I have some of
her art in the book. This crazy weird
looking
crazy art. Um one of her paintings is
called peyote vision. It's wild. Um, but
she was doing all the sex magic stuff to
try to like reincarnate him to try to
bring about the antichrist. She thought
she was the scarlet woman that was going
to be like the antichrist version of
Mary where the antichrist is born
through this scarlet woman. And it's
references to Babylon and and the end
times in the Bible and all this stuff
which Crowley did all that stuff too.
And she was a feminist icon because this
stuff goes along with being rebellious.
It's it's there's a reason there's like
an archetype of feminists like a
stereotype that they're all they have
daddy issues. They're manhaters with
daddy issues because they kind of are.
It's usually like they're very against
God. They're very against their dad.
Like you can't tell me what to do.
You're not the boss of me. I'm a strong
independent woman. I'm going to get what
I want even if I have to use my
sexuality to do with it. It's like a
very recurring theme of using sexuality
because women don't have the monopoly on
force. Men do. So what do women have to
get power? sexuality and the power of
like determining who gets to reproduce.
Did you know that twi we all have twice
as many female ancestors as we do male
ancestors?
>> No.
>> So throughout history, genetic studies
show that twice as many women have been
able to reproduce as men because we
that's where our power is. Our power is
if you're a fertile female, someone's
going to fertilize you. You don't have
to be special or do much. As a man, you
have to compete. You have to have
resources. You have to out compete the
other men who are trying to get the
female pregnant, that sort of thing. And
a lot of men historically died in battle
really young or doing dirty or dangerous
jobs, you know, they died younger a lot
of times or in war. And then you'd have
war brides, you know, so they'd get
impregnated again by like the enemy who
took them back to their homeland, that
kind of thing. So yeah, we we have this
that's where women feel that their power
lies is in sexuality. That's why every
pop star and every movie star who's a
famous woman, for the most part, there's
a handful of exceptions, but most of
them, they'll do anything to stay hot.
You know, they're trying to be sexy at
70 like um who was that? Jane Fonda.
Sexy at 70, sexy at 80. You know, she's
going to be sexy forever.
>> Hearing bones crack.
>> Ow, my hip.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I was like, uh I mean, Jennifer
Lopez is kind of doing that, too. She's
had how many husbands and engagements
and divorces and she's still out there
in the thong shaking it on Vegas, you
know, and her Vegas shows and stuff. And
>> yeah, she looks good. She's got endless
money to do endless things to look good.
Lord knows what they're doing, but um
that's where women think their power
comes from. So Cameron was like big into
pushing this into the California like uh
counterculture in the 60s and at the
time this was like well in the 50s and
60s. So like even people like Sammy
Davis Jr. who's another guy that said he
was a Satanist.
>> Um
>> Sammy Davis Jr. was a Satanist hanging
out with Sinatra.
>> Yeah, that's what he said.
>> Now you wonder sometimes if they just
say that for shock value. I don't know.
>> Or maybe they had fun parties.
>> Oh, they definitely had they were they
were having diddy parties before Diddy
was around. You know what I'm saying? So
Cameron was the it girl in the
counterculture in LA and her art was
really popular and stuff and there's a
lot that kind of came out of her
popularity that went into the mainstream
later in like these Scarlet women
archetypes of like the sexy bad girl
who's rebellious and is undomemesticated
and unattached. You know what I mean?
And that's become the cool girl now for
a lot of people. And that's why like
you'll see celebrities talking about,
"Oh, I've had four abortions. Yeah, so
what? I do what I want and I'm not going
to be held down by no man or no baby.
I'm gonna I'm a strong independent woman
out here and I decide, you know, that's
what that's why you see women screaming
about how abortion is great." They go to
these rallies and they're just like
screaming the most horrible things. And
I think if you convince enough women
that motherhood and having babies is
like this horrific oppressive ball and
chain, which is what my mother was
convinced of. She was totally convinced.
She said to me once, "Having children is
the worst thing that ever happened to
me." No offense.
>> She said, "No offense, but it's the
worst thing that ever happened to me."
And I asked her once, I was like, "What
do you what is it that you would have
gone and done, you know, if it weren't
for having kids?" She had no idea. She
had no answer. She just knows that it
would have been great. You know what I
mean?
>> So it's like they use a lot of fear of
missing out a lot.
>> You get indoctrinated.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And then that becomes your primary
narrative and you believe it no matter
what
>> and you just default to that no matter
what.
>> Yeah.
>> And all your discomfort is because of
this thing that you've already
identified. This is the problem.
Patriarchy, men, I got saddled down with
kids.
>> That's why I'm miserable. Not because
I'm completely unproductive. I don't
have a good community. I'm not healthy.
>> Right?
>> All the above. Isn't it weird? Have you
ever noticed like all the videos women
will make about how they get a divorce?
I just went through my divorce and then
I had a po a post divorce glow up. They
lose 40 lbs. They get in shape. They get
their hair done. You maybe get a little
plastic surgery, a little botox, a
little filler, and they're like, "Look
at me now." And it's like, if you had
done that while you were married, you'd
probably still be married and having a
great time with your husband.
>> Perhaps the husband's a loser
>> sometimes.
>> A lot.
>> That happens.
>> There's a lot of losers out there.
There's a lot of guys I wouldn't want to
hitch my wagon to.
>> That's true.
>> As a woman, like count on this
to figure things out.
>> I think that's the other uh result of
the sexual liberation stuff, though, is
like what motivation do men have to be
like good, dependable, upstanding
providers,
>> right?
>> When they can just sleep around and be
boys and
>> losers and that's why the dating apps
are so crazy. It's so crazy. Like you're
on a date, someone says one thing you
don't like. Like, let me just pick up my
phone and see who else is around.
>> It's crazy that so many people are on
those things and you're just like
constantly inundated by options.
>> I've never been on a dating app. It's
one of my biggest flexes in life. Never
been on a dating app. Uh I've been with
Andrew for, you know, almost two decades
now. So, it's like I missed that whole
thing. I feel like I caught the last
chopper.
>> I have some friends that met wonderful
people in dating apps. Like I have a
good buddy of mine who met his girl on a
dating app and he loves her and they
have a great relationship.
>> It can happen. It's just like just
people that you don't want to go to a
bar. You don't that's not the type of
people you want to meet in the first
place. How do you find them? And you
know they have like certain dating apps
that are like more selective I guess.
>> You know about like what what are you
into? Try to pair someone up who's
likeminded. If you're alone and you're
busy with other stuff and you find it
very hard to meet someone, I would
imagine it's really interesting. But
then also, yeah, if you're a young
person and you're just trying to bang it
out out there on the streets and you
know, you got 14 people hitting your
inbox and you pictures of your abs and
your flexing or whatever it is,
you know, like that is chaos. And I
don't think people are supposed to have
those kind of options.
>> No, you didn't. You never did
historically. It's only been like 15
years. It used to be your area where you
live. Those were the people to choose
from. and you'd find the best person for
you
>> in that. Like I tal I interviewed my
grandma on my YouTube channel when she
was 97 and I asked her like when you and
Aunt Thelma were when Thelma and Lois
were looking for you know husbands in
the early 40s like what were the things
you guys were looking for? What did you
think about when you were like looking
for a guy? She's like oh well we you
know he had to have a good reputation.
He had to come from a nice family you
know cuz you're going to you know when
you marry a guy you marry his family. So
you got to think about that. I wanted
him to go to like a the same type of
church as me and believe the same things
and he had to, you know, have good job
prospects, you know, a good future
prospects because, you know, you want to
raise a family and and those sort of
things. She did not say six foot,
sixpack, or six figures. None of that
came up. It was all like pretty
wholesome and very like long-term
minded. Do you know what I mean? Like
she's thinking of the future. I don't
feel like I don't even feel like I did
that. I feel like when I was young, I
was stupid and I was like, "He's cute
and funny. That's good enough for me,
you know."
>> Well, it's like it's there's normal
preferences that people have like to big
tall guys, fit people,
>> wealthy people. That's the normal
things.
>> But it's like
>> the thing about today and all the
options is not just that. It's all the
performative stuff that people do
consistently and constantly online. So
then you're also looking for positive
feedback from strangers constantly and
then you're also reflecting on negative
feedback from strangers constantly.
>> So kids today are just overwhelmed,
drowning in anxiety. Yes. Because
they're addicted to this feedback and
this this thing where they're always
pretending to be someone they're not
online and they're using filters and
cars that they leased and you know it's
very strange.
>> Yeah. I have four girls and I made a
point to always show them like I'll show
them before and afters of the
Kardashians.
You know, I'll show them here's Kylie
Jenner before all the like probably
hundreds of thousands of dollars worth
of work that she's had done in
professional stylists and trainers and
all the facial augmentations and all the
different things that they get done.
Here's what she looked like. Just any
normal girl from your junior high. the
only reason she looks like this now. And
on top of all the work and everything
else, there's filters and there's um
apps that they edit everything with. And
I'm like, this isn't real,
>> right?
>> Because I remember growing up in the
'9s, I don't ever remember thinking a
whole lot about
>> what my butt looked like, if my nose was
too big, like all the things that they
hype. These girls like pick themselves
apart today.
>> Yeah.
>> It's terrifying. It's like
heartbreaking. I think boys do the same
thing. They're like, I'm short. It's
over for me. I might as well selfdelete.
I'll never be anything because I'm
short. And I'm like,
>> well, what percentage of guys are in
sales today? It's kind of nuts.
>> It's really high. Like higher than like
there was a percentage of men that don't
have any sex at all right now.
>> And it's nuts. But it's that thing. It's
like 20% of the men are desirable to
100% of the women
>> and those 80% of guys are
>> Yes. Yeah. I don't I don't know what we
do about that. I don't have a great
answer for that. Um, I've tried kind of
like talking like I'll go on the
Whatever podcast once in a while and
kind of like ask girls probing questions
about that. Like, do you think it's
possible that you could be missing it?
Like, if you're 22 and you won't date a
guy cuz he only makes 50 grand a year.
It's like, yeah, well, my husband only
made 40 grand a year when we met, but he
makes way more than that now. Like, you
used to grow together. and and having a
family really motivates a man to like
hustle and grow whatever it is that he's
doing and try to be better.
>> But it's like if you're 22 and you're
like, I won't even look at you unless
you make six figures, you're missing out
on a ton of great guys. And it's like
what what exactly do you want? What are
you looking for? And they don't even
know like
>> well they're kind of programmed towards
hypergamy today, right? It seems like
they're programmed to go after the super
successful, hyper successful people and
not think, "Oh, I'm developing a
relationship with a man and we're going
to grow together."
>> Yeah. And they have it. This is true.
And we know there's problems with men,
but we talk all the time about problems
with men. And I think what we tell women
is you're perfect how you are. You are a
goddess, girl, and you don't have to
change for anybody. That's what that's
what we tell people. But then how many
of those women are now on Ompic?
>> That was crazy. All the body positivity
women are all like 120 lbs now and they
look like they're making weight at the
UFC
beautiful influencers are now just like
>> skeletons.
So strange kind Osborne on TV.
God bless her soul. I don't know if
she's doing that, but I know a lot of
them they just get so
>> Megan Megan Trainer got popular on a
song about being a little bit chunky and
having a big butt and that boys actually
like that better. And the minute she can
get a GLP1, she's like, "Never mind."
>> Yeah. A lot skinny now.
>> A lot of people did it. A lot of people
did it. Lizo did it.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's uh But it's this thing I
always say to men, you know, when they
tell me like, "Oh, I'm I don't want to
work out. I don't want to do any of
those things." Why do you do why do you
waste all your time doing that? I go,
"If I could give you a pill that could
make you really strong, like
instantaneously really strong and able
to like strangle men,
>> like you could kill people with your
bare hands, you wouldn't take it. Do you
want to be vulnerable? Do you like it?"
Well, there's no pill, but if you just
work, you can become that. You can
become a different type of man.
>> Yeah.
>> Like that's possible,
>> but you don't want to do it. So, you
want to dismiss it as being silly. Well,
why would it be silly to have power?
It's to have strength, to have a
physical body that can like move things
around easier, that can hold people down
if you have to. If there's something
terribly wrong, you can defend yourself.
Why would you not want to have that?
Well, everybody wants that. It's just
it's an incredibly long path to get
there. So, they're scared of it,
so they dismiss it.
>> Yeah. It's the same thing as raising
kids, right? It's like so I lifted
weights for uh it's been like 18 years
and there were periods where I was
really lean and I looked fantastic and
then there were periods where like I and
I lifted all through my pregnancies and
everything. Thank God. And I highly
recommend it because if you don't want
to have like a lot of the complications
you can have post pregnancy like pelvic
floor issues, birthing issues,
>> get really strong and squat heavy, be
able to do some heavy deadlifts and
stuff. All that stays really strong and
it really helps with your health. Um, I
had a doctor that told me I wasn't going
to walk again after my fourth baby cuz
my pelvic bone separated when I birthed
her.
>> You're not going to be able to walk.
>> Yeah. She was like, "You should just get
a walker."
>> Oh my god.
>> You're not going to be able to do
>> That lady was so I was like, "That's so
crazy. There's no rehab. There's nothing
you could do."
>> By that time, I knew that most doctors
give you advice based on liability. They
don't want to get sued. She doesn't want
to tell me to go squat because what if I
hurt myself and then it's her fault?
whatever. So funny.
>> So, I just went right back to I'm just
going to start with like literally
lifting my legs in bed and then I
progress and now I've got nothing wrong
with me. I'm super strong as I'm fine.
So crazy.
>> But it's the best thing to do. And
through all those years of lifting, even
when I was a little too chunky, like
after my son passed away, I gained a lot
of weight.
>> I could not care about myself for a
couple of years. I just couldn't bring
myself to do it. But I still went to the
gym because it kept me sane. It did more
for me mentally than therapy or anything
else other than prayer. I would say
prayer would be the number one thing,
gym, a close second. It was a really
great way to battle out all of the
really strong crazy emotions that I had.
Just one more rep, you know, until
you're so tired that it's like a lot of
the bad feelings and stuff you have,
>> you have some clarity and you can kind
of figure it out. You know what I mean?
>> Yeah. That's one thing that I think
would be a good way to develop more men
is to encourage them into doing
difficult things. Yes. And difficult
hard work and specifically physical
things because I think your body has a
certain amount
>> of requirements in order to maintain
like a stable level of anxiety and
mental health. I think
>> I think it's a giant fac I know it's a
giant factor because when I take a few
days off, there's something wrong, if I
get hurt or something like that, I start
getting baddy. I'm like, well, this is
like most people most of the time. Like,
that's a terrible way to live your life.
>> Um,
>> Andrew knows if I'm if I'm out of sorts
like that. He's like, gym.
>> You haven't been to the gym and all like
we just moved across the the country and
it was like it's there's so much that
goes into doing that. Especially when he
has a business and everything and
there's kids.
>> And so, it was like the longest I've
taken off ever, I want to say. Like,
even with kids and surgeries, I didn't
have to take off that long. And we
finally got the home gym put in. He's
like, "Oh, you're normal again. Great.
You're you're mentally balanced again."
It's great for women, too. If you're a
woman that struggles with depression and
anxiety, try pushing yourself really
hard in the gym, and you'll find out
what you're made of. It doesn't mean you
have to be stronger than dudes. It
doesn't You're not going to get huge
muscles because you don't have enough
testosterone to do that, unless you're
taking gear or something. But get in
there and work out. And then you have
the added benefit of it's going to help
you through childirth and pregnancy. as
you get older, you're not going to be
fragile and need your kids to take care
of you all the time. You know what I
mean? Like my parents both have terrible
health, and I want to avoid that. So,
I'm trying to be like really proactive
about keeping myself healthy, avoiding
heart disease, diabetes, all these
things so that my kids don't have to
have a power of attorney and take care
of me, right?
>> You know,
>> right? Um, is there anything else you
want to cover in the book? Because, uh,
it's a it's a really I didn't read read
it. I listened to it. the the guy who
was reading it was um a very odd voice.
It's very odd. I really wish he read it.
>> I want my husband to narrate it. I've
asked multiple other people to narrate
it and I can't get anybody to do it. I
would love to do a reproduction. He
actually did that for free because he
thought it was he was like, "This book
is so important. I'm happy to do it." He
just sounds like he has a bit of a sinus
infection. Yeah, he's got an odd voice,
which which is fine, but it's just like
it's the the information is very
fascinating, but I just I always wish
people read their own book in audio.
>> Yeah, I you know why I didn't? Because I
think I sound like Lois Griffin and
Sarah Palin had a baby.
>> And I don't know that anybody wants to
listen to hours of my voice.
>> They do. I'm sure they do. They're
listening to it right now. You're normal
voice. Maybe I'll do it. It's all in
your own head. I have well I have this
upper Midwest like oh guy you know like
>> that's you're from the upper Midwest
doesn't matter but the point is it's
like it's interesting because this is
your work it's your perspective you
know.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and it's it's really good. It's
there's a lot.
>> I'd say if I got to say anything else
about it um I did not write this book
nor do I talk about these things or
debate feminists because I hate women. I
do not hate women. I love women. I'm a
woman. I have daughters. I have women in
my life that I love. And
>> that's a crazy narrative.
>> Yeah. Well, and people think they'll say
like, why do women act so crazy
nowadays? Why are they all so crazy? And
it's like, what do you think would
happen if you took any group of humans
and you said you are perfect the way you
are, you are a goddess. You are strong,
independent, whatever you are. You don't
need to change. There's nothing to be
improved upon. And if if you do
something wrong, it's only because a man
somewhere
hurt you or did something bad and that's
the only reason that you would do like
we've removed accountability. We've
given women more power than the balance.
I think there was a balance already
before feminism because you had women
with the power over reproduction and
mate selection and sexuality and
motherhood um and all the influence they
have over men through those things. And
then you had men with the monopoly on
physical force and probably like
political force and things like that. So
there was kind of a balance. And what we
did with feminism was we just completely
threw it off. And now we're like, "No
men, you you stay down. You be quiet.
You're toxic. You're bad. You like
schools, public schools are terrible for
boys. Sit down. Be quiet. Be like Suzie.
Uh just use the highlighter and organize
things by color and be quiet and still
and soft and nice." And you know, we HR
manage boys to death now. And so we've
thrown the balance off. And what we've
done is give women all this power, but
taken away all the accountability. And
it's like, why would you not expect them
to act a little crazy? Why would it not
kind of spoil them? And I I don't think
women are inherently bad. I think what
feminism has done has made them a worse
version of who they would be otherwise.
>> I think we need accountability and
responsibility. We need to have some
self-sacrifice in life. We need to have
the same inherent human struggle that
men have and that all all people have
had and we we did before. So every time
you look in history, this is a key
thing. If you are arguing with
feminists, if you're looking at history
and they say look at this horrible
thing, women couldn't have this or women
didn't do that or there was stigma
around this. Ask yourself, was that also
true for men? Because it always is. It
always is. Men didn't have this glorious
carefree existence free of
responsibility where they had all the
power and control but none of the
accountability. That's a lie. That's a
myth. But we've convinced women of that.
So now we're trying to flip it the other
way. And yeah, women are acting crazy.
We have Bonnie Blue and we have like all
these crazy Only Fans girls and like the
only women online besides me and a
handful of others are boss babes and
Only Fans chicks and Instagram models
and blue-haired screeching feminists.
That's what we've ended up with. So,
it's like I wrote it because I think
feminism is bad for women and I think it
would help them. I think it's bad for
everyone and kids. I am no longer
willing to sacrifice the welfare of
children on the altar of feminism ever
again. I won't do it. And if you want me
to throw kids under the bus so that
women can do blah, I don't care what it
is. I'm not going to do it. I want to
see kids growing up in loving families
with both their parents. I want to see
community again. I want to see families
again. All the great stuff that we all
lost from that, the loneliness epidemic,
all the depression and the anxiety.
Women have higher rates of substance
abuse than ever in recorded history
right now.
>> Don't men also have higher rates of
>> No, it's actually stayed pretty static
with men. In fact, like Gen Z boys
hardly ever drink like the marijuana
more opioid addiction.
>> The opioid epidemic uh is pretty pretty
much both because I think it's kind of
medically based. A lot of people get
something, you know, surgery or whatever
>> and then they get hooked.
>> Yeah. And they get hooked on it and then
they got to go looking for it elsewhere.
Um but women, we've never seen as high a
rate of feal alcohol syndrome in babies
as we're seeing now. And alcoholism is
much worse for women. Our bodies are
smaller. Our livers don't handle toxic
amounts of alcohol even as well as a
man. It's bad for men.
>> It's even worse for women. Uh 26% of
American women are on at least one
psychiatric prescription drug.
>> Yeah.
>> That's nuts.
>> And they did something there. In my
book, I cover uh the a big study called
um the paradox of female happiness. And
this came out in 2008, I think, and it
made huge waves where they did this
giant survey of women. Uh they had done
one in the 70s and they were repeating
it, you know, 40ome years later to see
like, okay, we've had a lot of feminism.
Are women doing better? And on every
metric they measured, women reported
being less fulfilled, less happy, and
less content than they did in the 70s
before they were like fully liberated.
Um, and they give a lot of reasons as to
why, you know, the the burden of having
to juggle work and home and the
expectations of versus reality of what
feminism sold them and things like that.
And then they did a repeat study several
years later that was even more
comprehensive where they went to other
countries and other societies and
different types of places and did
another survey about women's happiness
because now feminism is pretty global.
There's only a few places in the world
where it hasn't really taken hold yet.
So they they were like, "We should check
other places." And the authors of the
study opened with something that I
thought was kind of funny. They said,
"Regardless of where you look, culture,
economic status, religion, it doesn't
seem to matter. Women everywhere and
always are less happy than men." And
they they said the reasons for that are
somewhat biological. We have like
hormonal fluctuations that men don't
deal with. You know, things like periods
and menopause and all that sort of
stuff. And we're just less emotionally
stable. Women experience three times the
mental illness than men do.
And and it could be for many reasons. We
could like try to tear all that apart,
but feminism hasn't made women happier.
It hasn't made them safer. I don't think
it's really given them more choices.
It's just given them kind of different
choices. Um and children are suffering
the most. And when you tear apart the
family unit, which is what the Marxist
feminists said was their explicit
purpose because property rights are
passed down through men, men uh, you
know, build businesses and own
properties the most and pass it down to
their kids. So they're like, "We got to
get rid of this fatherhood stuff, the
patriarchy. We got to get rid of the
family unit." Um, especially like the
Leninist ones were like, "Lenn should be
the daddy.
>> The government should be the daddy."
>> Um, because
>> Yeah. And you see that with a lot of
socialistleaning cities where they want
the state to be in charge of things like
decisions whether or not a child can
medically transition, that kind of
>> Yes. All that stuff.
>> It It's all there for reasons which are
all detailed in the book, but it's
basically a scam. And I feel like women
have been grossly misled and horribly
propagandized to believe a whole bunch
of that's not even true. And if
they read my book and if they look into
it themselves, they double check all my
sources, they go back and read
everything themselves, and they still
believe it's better for them, that's
fine. But I at least want them to know
the truth and be able to make an
informed decision about
why they're living their life the way
they are and if they believe this sort
of stuff and if they really accept this
feminist framework or not.
>> Well, it's a really really well-ritten
book and it's very fascinating and I
really enjoyed this conversation.
>> Well, thanks. I'm so glad that you loved
the book. I was really shocked that you
liked it so much that
>> No, I really did. It was It was very It
was eye opening like like that. How many
of these people were full-on cooks like
that just abandoned their kids and these
are the people that everybody's looking
to like, "Oh, she was a boss lady."
Like, she was a monster. She's this
horrible person that didn't think anyone
should have children.
>> Like, there's so much of that in the
book. It's really, really great. So,
here it is. Um, occult feminism, the
secret history of women's liberation.
Rachel Wilson, go get it.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks so much. It was fun. Bye,
everybody.